{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Steve Turner", 
    "description": "A lavishly illustrated, rollicking account of the real people and events that inspired the Beatles' lyrics.Who was 'just seventeen' and made Paul's heart go 'boom'? Was there really an Eleanor Rigby? Where's Penny Lane? In A Hard Day's Write,  music journalist Steve Turner shatters many well-worn myths and adds a new dimension to the Fab Four's rich legacy by investigating for the first time the ordinary people and events immortalized in the Beatles' music and now occupying a special niche in popular culture's collective imagination.Arranged chronologically by album, the book breaks new ground by exploring how private incidents influenced the group's writing and how their music evolved. Turner reveals that Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds was really a drawing by Julian Lennon of his childhood friend; Bungalow Bill was an all-American tiger hunter; Doctor Robert was a New York 'speech doctor'; and much more. A longtime Beatles admirer, Turner tracked down and interviewed the real-life subjects of the songs, probed public records and newspaper archives, and spoke in depth to the people closet to the Beatles to unearth tales that have never before been made public. The result is a book that chronicles an untold story of the Beatles themselves.Illustrated with over 200 photographs, A Hard Day's Write is a visually alluring and highly entertaining journey to the land stretching just beneath your conscious mind, mapped out with strawberry fields, fool-topped hills,...", 
    "format": "Paperback, 224pp", 
    "image": "49663559.JPG", 
    "isbn": "0060844094", 
    "isbn13": "9780060844097", 
    "listprice": "$25.00", 
    "price": "$14.88", 
    "pub_date": "October 2005", 
    "publisher": "HarperCollins Publishers", 
    "rating": "4.5", 
    "review": "The Barnes & Noble ReviewWas there really a Polythene Pam? Where are Strawberry Fields? What connection does the actor Peter Fonda have with the song She Said She Said? In this book music journalist Steve Turner shatters some well-worn myths and reveals many unknown stories behind every Beatle Song, from 'I Saw Her Standing There' to Abbey Road's 'The End.' The lyrics that have been etched in our collective memories take on new meaning as the ordinary people and events behind each song are revealed.  Arranged chronologically by album and packed with color and black and white photographs and illustrations, A Hard Day's Write is hard to put down. Look up one song and you find yourself stopping to read about the others as the mini-stories recount how private incidents influenced the Beatles, collectively and as individual artists. A longtime Beatles admirer, Turner tracked down and interviewed the real-life subjects of the songs, probed public records, and newspaper archives, and spoke in depth to the personalities closest to the Beatles. The result is a book no Beatles fan should be without.", 
    "reviewer": "From Barnes &amp; Noble", 
    "subjects": [], 
    "title": "Hard Day's Write: The Stories Behind Every Beatles Song", 
    "type": "Paperback(New)"
}