{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Lauren Redniss", 
    "description": "In 1891, 24 year old Marie, n\u00e9e Marya Sklodowska, moved from Warsaw to Paris, where she found work in the laboratory of Pierre Curie, a scientist engaged in research on heat and magnetism. They fell in love. They took their honeymoon on bicycles. They expanded the periodic table, discovering two new elements with startling properties, radium and polonium. They recognized radioactivity as an atomic property, heralding the dawn of a new scientific era. They won the Nobel Prize. Newspapers mythologized the couple's romance, beginning articles on the Curies with 'Once upon a time . . . ' Then, in 1906, Pierre was killed in a freak accident. Marie continued their work alone. She won a second Nobel Prize in 1911, and fell in love again, this time with the married physicist Paul Langevin. Scandal ensued. Duels were fought.In the century since the Curies began their work, we've struggled with nuclear weapons proliferation, debated the role of radiation in medical treatment, and pondered nuclear energy as a solution to climate change. In Radioactive, Lauren Redniss links these contentious questions to a love story in 19th Century Paris.Radioactive draws on Redniss's original reporting in Asia, Europe and the United States, her interviews with scientists, engineers, weapons specialists, atomic bomb survivors, and Marie and Pierre Curie's own granddaughter.Whether young or old, scientific novice or expert, no one will fail to be moved by Lauren Redniss's...", 
    "format": "Hardcover, 205pp", 
    "image": "87743884.JPG", 
    "isbn": "0061351326", 
    "isbn13": "9780061351327", 
    "listprice": "$29.99", 
    "price": "$18.69", 
    "pub_date": "December 2010", 
    "publisher": "HarperCollins Publishers", 
    "rating": "4.5", 
    "review": "Described simply,Radioactiveis an illustrated biography of Marie Curie, the Polish-born French physicist famous for her work on radioactivity   she was the first person to win the Nobel Prize twice   and her equally accomplished husband, Pierre. &#8230;   Described less simply, it s a deeply unusual and forceful thing to have in your hands. Ms. Redniss s text is long, literate and supple. She catches Marie Curie s  delicate and grave  manner as a young student, new to Paris; she notes the  luminous goulash  of radium and zinc that one chemist prepares; she observes with pleasure another man s  thriving mustache.  She has a firm command of, but an easy way with, the written word.", 
    "reviewer": "The New York Times - Dwight Garner", 
    "title": "Radioactive: Marie and Pierre Curie - A Tale of Love and Fallout", 
    "type": "Hardcover"
}