{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Sammy Hagar", 
    "description": "Loud rock, fast cars, and Cabo. This is the life of Sammy Hagar.    For almost forty years, Sammy Hagar has been a fixture in rock music. From breaking into the industry with the band Montrose to his multiplatinum solo career to his ride as the front man of Van Halen, Sammy's powerful and unforgettable voice has set the tone for some of the greatest rock anthems ever written&#151;songs like 'I Can't Drive 55,' 'Right Now,' and 'Why Can't This Be Love.' In Red, Sammy tells the outrageous story of his tear through rock 'n' roll, detailing the backstage antics and nonstop touring that have made his voice instantly recognizable. Beginning with his musical coming-of-age in the blue-collar towns of California, Sammy traces his rough and determined rise to fame, working harder than anyone else out there and writing songs about the things he loved&#151;fast cars, loud parties, and lots of good times. But solo success was just the start, a prelude to his raucous and notorious decade as the front man for Van Halen, one of the biggest-selling rock groups in history. Filled with behind-the-scenes stories from his time with the band, Red offers the Van Halen story as Sammy saw it, holding nothing back about the worldwide stadium tours, the tensions with Eddie, the messy parties, the divided friendships, and, of course, his controversial and widely disputed exit from the band. After Van Halen, Sammy changed directions...", 
    "format": "Hardcover, 242pp", 
    "image": "99724066.JPG", 
    "isbn": "0062009281", 
    "isbn13": "9780062009289", 
    "listprice": "$26.99", 
    "price": "$16.35", 
    "pub_date": "March 2011", 
    "publisher": "HarperCollins Publishers", 
    "rating": "4", 
    "review": "Rock and Roll Hall of Famer Sammy Hagar has had a long run and it isn't over yet. After a brief attempt at professional boxing, the singer and guitarist known as 'The Red Rocker' began his music career in Southern California  during the late sixties, then rocketed into fame as a solo star and a key member of several top bands, most notably Van Halen. Stories of his stormy years with that group and its notorious leader Eddie Van Halen form a central part of this anecdote-filled memoir. Unforgettable stories about fame, feuds, and offstage frenzy. (Hand-selling tip&#58; Van Halen is one of the most successful bands in rock history. To date, they have sold more than 80 million records.)", 
    "reviewer": "From Barnes &amp; Noble", 
    "subjects": [], 
    "title": "Red: My Uncensored Life in Rock", 
    "type": "Hardcover"
}