{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Giada De Laurentiis", 
    "description": "Since her debut on Food Network in 2002 with the hit program Everyday Italian, Giada De Laurentiis has been enticing Americans with her updated twists on Italian favorites. Her dedication to ease, healthfulness, and&mdash;above all else&mdash;flavor have won her a permanent place in the hearts of home cooks. In Giada at Home, she shares a personal look into how she cooks for those dearest to her, with simple recipes inspired by her television show of the same name.&#160;Born in Italy, Giada was raised in Los Angeles by a gregarious Italian family. While her grandmother, aunt, and mother brought her up on generations-old recipes, Giada also became enamored with the bright and clean flavors of California&rsquo;s abundant seasonal fruits and vegetables. Giada at Home presents recipes from both traditions, all with Giada&rsquo;s signature style. She shares classic Italian recipes passed down through the years, like cheese-stuffed dates wrapped in salty prosciutto, creamy risotto with the earthy and deep flavors of mushrooms and gorgonzola, and lamb chops basted with honey and balsamic vinegar. New family favorites include grilled asparagus and melon, game hens roasted with citrus and herbs, and a sorbet made with pomegranate and mint, all bursting with fresh, vibrant flavors.&#160;No meal would be complete without the company of family and Giada particularly enjoys bringing her loved ones together over meals. For the first time, she incorporates...", 
    "format": "Hardcover, 239pp", 
    "image": "47440043.JPG", 
    "isbn": "0307451011", 
    "isbn13": "9780307451019", 
    "listprice": "$35.00", 
    "price": "$20.58", 
    "pub_date": "March 2010", 
    "publisher": "Crown Publishing Group", 
    "rating": "3", 
    "review": "The newest cookbook from De Laurentiis (after Giada's Kitchen&#58; New Italian Favorites) straddles two continents with wonderful recipes from Italy and California. Chapters of this friendly and inviting book are titled by course, such as Appetizers and Desserts, as well as by ingredient and occasion (e.g., brunch). The author includes straightforward instructions for classic Italian fare, such as steak involtini; Chianti-marinated stew; pecorino and bean salad; and limoncello granita, as well as a selection of such modern dishes as grilled asparagus and melon salad; pea pesto crostini, and lemon hazelnut tiramis&ugrave;. Chock-full of mouthwatering dishes for easy entertaining (Italian fried olives; whole wheat pita chips with mascarpone-chive dip; and vegetable parmesan), this appealing collection is supplemented with informative, short essays on ingredients including olive oil and dried and fresh herbs. (Apr.)", 
    "reviewer": "Publishers Weekly", 
    "subjects": [
        {
            "name": "Italian Cooking"
        }
    ], 
    "title": "Giada at Home: Family Recipes from Italy and California", 
    "type": "Hardcover"
}