{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Arthur Agatston,Joseph Signorile", 
    "description": "Five years ago, with the publication of The South Beach Diet, renowned Miami cardiologist Dr. Arthur Agatston set out to change the way America eats. Now he has an even more ambitious goal&#58; to change the way America lives by helping Americans become fitter as well as thinner and healthier . . . for life.&#160;In the all-new The South Beach Diet Supercharged, Dr. Agatston shows you how to rev up your metabolism and lose weight faster while following the proven healthy eating principles of the original diet&#58; choose good carbs, good fats, lean protein, and low-fat dairy. Collaborating with Dr. Joseph Signorile, a professor of exercise physiology at the University of Miami, Dr. Agatston presents a cutting-edge, three-phase workout that perfectly complements the three phases of the diet itself. Based on the latest exercise science, this ease-into-it fitness program combines low- and high-intensity interval exercise (with a focus on walking) and functional core body-toning exercises. The result&#58; You'll look fitter and you'll burn more fat and calories all day&#8212;even at rest.&#160;Also included is the latest nutritional research on how specific foods high in vitamins, minerals, fiber, and a host of phytonutrients help keep you healthy; new and expanded lists of Foods to Enjoy; taste-tempting Meal Plans for phases 1 and 2; and dozens of easy-to-prepare new recipes, including Eggs Frijoles, Chock-Full-of-Veggies Chili, Roasted Tomato...", 
    "format": "Mass Market Paperback, 403pp", 
    "image": "48480197.JPG", 
    "isbn": "031237206X", 
    "isbn13": "9780312372064", 
    "listprice": "$7.99", 
    "price": "$7.99", 
    "pub_date": "December 2009", 
    "publisher": "St. Martin's Press", 
    "rating": "3", 
    "review": "In 2003, Dr. Arthur Agatston opened a new front in the diet wars. With its persuasive advocacy of good carbs, good fats, lean protein, and low-fat dairy, his bookThe South Beach Dietearned the allegiance of millions of readers who had anguished over weight loss. With this book, this veteran cardiologist seeks to help your belt tightening with a breakthrough fat-burning fitness program.The South Beach Diet Superchargedlays out a three-phase workout that corresponds to the three phases of the original diet. Working with a professor of exercise physiology, Dr. Agatston presents an 'ease-into-fitness' program that combines low- and high-intensity interval exercise that focuses on walking and simple, functional core body-toning exercise. This useful book also includes expanded food lists and meal plans, making it a perfect accompaniment for the legions of South Beach adherents.", 
    "reviewer": "From Barnes &amp; Noble", 
    "title": "The South Beach Diet Supercharged: Faster Weight Loss and Better Health for Life", 
    "type": "Paperback(Mass Market Paperback Reprint)"
}