{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Lawrence Block", 
    "description": "'The Matthew Scudder novels are among the finest detective novels penned in this century.'-Jonathan KellermanMatthew Scudder is facing his demons. Forced out of the NYPD, he's given up the drink. He's thinking seriously about his relationship with sometime girlfriend Jan. Then he runs into 'High-Low' Jack Ellery, a childhood friend from the Bronx. They're two sides of the same coin&#58; Scudder once solved crimes as a detective. Ellery committed them. In Scudder, Ellery sees the moral man he might have become. In Ellery, Scudder sees the hard-won sobriety he hopes to achieve.Then Ellery is killed, shot once in the mouth and once between the eyes, presumably while attempting to atone for past sins. Is it what he saw or what he said that got him killed? Ellery had no family, no friends to press for justice. Scudder reluctantly begins his own investigation, with just one lead-Ellery's Alcoholics Annonymous list of people he wronged. One of them may be a murderer, but that's not necessarily Scudder's greatest danger. Immersing himself in Ellery's world may lead him right back to the bar stool.Exploring themes of loss, nostalgia, and redemption, for Lawrence Block, A DROP OF THE HARD STUFF circles back to how it all began, reestablishing why the Matthew Scudder series is widely regarded as one of the pinnacles of American detective fiction.", 
    "format": "Hardcover, 336pp", 
    "image": "79280327.JPG", 
    "isbn": "0316127337", 
    "isbn13": "9780316127332", 
    "listprice": "$25.99", 
    "price": "$16.36", 
    "pub_date": "May 2011", 
    "publisher": "Little, Brown & Company", 
    "rating": "4.5", 
    "review": "Lawrence Block's 17th Matthew Scudder novel takes his recovering alcoholic ex-cop private eye back to the early years of his sobriety. He recalls how, when still shaky in his new life, he encounters Jack Ellery, another former heavy drinker slowly ascending the A.A. steps of recovery. When his friend is murdered, that chance convergence becomes a disturbing conundrum&#58; Who killed the man struggling to get back on the right path? A critical episode in the life's journey of Block's most popular protagonist.", 
    "reviewer": "From Barnes &amp; Noble", 
    "title": "A Drop of the Hard Stuff (Matthew Scudder Series #17)", 
    "type": "Hardcover"
}