{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "George R. R. Martin", 
    "description": "A NEW ORIGINAL SERIES, NOW ON HBO.Here is the first volume in George R. R. Martin&rsquo;s magnificent cycle of novels that includes A Clash of Kings and A Storm of Swords. As a whole, this series comprises a genuine masterpiece of modern fantasy, bringing together the best the genre has to offer. Magic, mystery, intrigue, romance, and adventure fill these pages and transport us to a world unlike any we have ever experienced. Already hailed as a classic, George R. R. Martin&rsquo;s stunning series is destined to stand as one of the great achievements of imaginative fiction.A GAME OF THRONESLong ago, in a time forgotten, a preternatural event threw the seasons out of balance. In a land where summers can last decades and winters a lifetime, trouble is brewing. The cold is returning, and in the frozen wastes to the north of Winterfell, sinister and supernatural forces are massing beyond the kingdom&rsquo;s protective Wall. At the center of the conflict lie the Starks of Winterfell, a family as harsh and unyielding as the land they were born to. Sweeping from a land of brutal cold to a distant summertime kingdom of epicurean plenty, here is a tale of lords and ladies, soldiers and sorcerers, assassins and bastards, who come together in a time of grim omens.Here an enigmatic band of warriors bear swords of no human metal; a tribe of fierce wildlings carry men off into madness; a cruel young dragon prince barters his sister to win back his...", 
    "format": "Mass Market Paperback, 864pp", 
    "image": "98654223.JPG", 
    "isbn": "0553573403", 
    "isbn13": "9780553573404", 
    "listprice": "$8.99", 
    "price": "$8.99", 
    "pub_date": "August 1997", 
    "publisher": "Random House Publishing Group", 
    "rating": "4.5", 
    "review": "Long ago, in a time forgotten, a preternatural event threw the seasons out of balance. The cold is returning, and in the frozen wastes to the north of Winterfell, sinister forces are massing beyond the kingdom's protective wall. To the south, the King's powers are failing, and his enemies are emerging from the shadows of the throne. At the center of the conflict lie the Starks of Winterfell, a family as harsh and unyielding as the frozen land they were born to. Now Lord Eddard Stark is reluctantly summoned to serve as the King's new Hand, an appointment that threatens to sunder not only his family but also the kingdom itself. A heroic fantasy of lords and ladies, soldiers and sorcerers, assassins and evildoers who come together in a time of grim omens. The first volume in George Martin's series.", 
    "reviewer": "From Barnes &amp; Noble", 
    "subjects": [
        {
            "name": "New York Times bestseller"
        }, 
        {
            "name": "nyt:combined_print_fiction=2011-05-28"
        }
    ], 
    "title": "A Game of Thrones (A Song of Ice and Fire #1)", 
    "type": "Paperback(Mass Market Paperback Reprint)"
}