{
    "age_range": "Young Adult", 
    "author": "M. T. Anderson", 
    "description": "&ldquo;A wickedly clever narrative. . . . Carries in it obvious and enormous implications for today&rsquo;s readers&mdash; satire at its finest.&rdquo;&mdash;Kirkus Reviews (starred review)For Titus and his friends, it started out like any ordinary trip to the moon &mdash; a chance to party during spring break and play with some stupid low-grav at the Ricochet Lounge. But that was before the crazy hacker caused all their feeds to malfunction, sending them to the hospital to lie around with nothing inside their heads for days. And it was before Titus met Violet, a beautiful, brainy girl who has decided to fight the feed and its omnipresent ability to categorize human thoughts and desires. Following in the footsteps of George Orwell, Anthony Burgess, and Kurt Vonnegut Jr., National Book Award winner M. T. Anderson creates a not-so-brave new world &mdash; and a smart, savage satire ushering us into an imagined future that veers unnervingly close to the here and now.", 
    "format": "Paperback, 300pp", 
    "image": "13868287.JPG", 
    "isbn": "0763622591", 
    "isbn13": "9780763622596", 
    "listprice": "$7.99", 
    "price": "$7.99", 
    "pub_date": "December 2003", 
    "publisher": "Candlewick Press", 
    "rating": "3.5", 
    "review": "Finalist for the 2002 National Book Award, Young People's LiteratureHonor book for the 2003Boston Globe/Horn BookAward (Fiction category)The Barnes & Noble ReviewBrave New Worldtakes a romantic teen twist in this disarming, engrossing novel set in a hyper-computerized future.Spending time partying on the moon and riding around in his 'upcar,' Titus is an average teen of the future, complete with a computer chip implant -- the 'Feed' -- that lets corporate marketers and government agencies broadcast directly into his brain. Then Titus meets Violet, and an anti-Feed hacker shuts down their Feeds for a short time; but when Violet's Feed is seriously damaged, she begins spouting some radical ideas.M. T. Anderson has predicted the future, and it's startling indeed. Although Titus is a good, well-meaning kid, his blissful ignorance of the control over him leaves readers thinking twice about the destiny of earth's citizens. Beneath the book's techno-veneer, however, lies a romantic tale between a boy who gives into the system and a girl who sees beyond it. All told,Feedis a 'meg' remarkable work of science fiction, and once readers begin, they'll be caught up in its powerful grip.Matt Warner", 
    "reviewer": "From Barnes &amp; Noble", 
    "title": "Feed", 
    "type": "Paperback(Reprint)"
}