{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Richard J. Hamilton", 
    "description": "The Tarascon Pocket Pharmacopoeia,&reg; 2011 Classic Shirt-Pocket Edition Was Just Honored With 5 Stars From Doody's Book Review!Tarascon Pocket Pharmacopoeia,&reg; 2011 Classic Shirt-Pocket Edition Continues Its Tradition As The Leading Portable Drug Reference Packed With Vital Drug Information To Help Clinicians Make Better Decisions At The Point-Of-Care. Each Edition Is Meticulously Peer-Reviewed By Experts And Is Now Available In Multiple Formats. It Details Typical Drug Dosing (Both FDA Approved And Off-Label Uses), Available Trade And Generic Formulations, Metabolism, Safety In Pregnancy And Lactation, Relative Drug Pricing Information, Canadian Trade Names, And An Herbal & Alternative Therapies Section. Multiple Tables Supplement The Drug Content, Including Opioid Equivalency, Emergency Drug Infusions, Cardiac Dysrhythmia Protocols, Pediatric Drug Dosing, And Much More! Save Time And Improve Patient Care With The 2011 Tarascon Pocket Pharmacopoeia&reg;.New For The 2011 Edition&#58;&bull; Updated Drug Content&bull; New Figures & Tables", 
    "format": "Paperback, 192pp", 
    "image": "83865072.JPG", 
    "isbn": "0763793051", 
    "isbn13": "9780763793050", 
    "listprice": "$16.95", 
    "price": "$9.60", 
    "pub_date": "December 2010", 
    "publisher": "Jones & Bartlett Learning", 
    "rating": "0", 
    "review": "Reviewer&#58;This is one of the classics that many practitioners have learned to rely on over the years. This year's version has kept up the tradition extremely well. Because medicine transitions so quickly, the yearly update is well worth purchasing to stay current. I recommend this wholeheartedly to everyone in medicine. I personally remain grateful to the editors and editorial board for their work; they have saved me innumerable hours.Description&#58;Purpose&#58;This fact-intense, bare-bones drug guide captures much of what is in medication package inserts, but it also includes much additional practical information, such as medical formulas and therapeutic drug levels. As numerous new pharmaceuticals are released yearl, this publication is updated yearly to remain current.Audience&#58;Although there is no preface and one is not necessary, it is clear that the intention is to provide a swift memory reference for those in the active practice of medicine. The book clearly exceeds the implied objectives.Features&#58;'This reference for everyone in medicine is available in a variety of versions so clinicians may choose the most helpful one.  'Assessment&#58;In addition to very useful tables, there are numerous summary notes with every class of drugs, cost estimations, American and Canadian trade names, and a complete index. Of particular note are the cross-references.", 
    "reviewer": "Doody Review Services", 
    "title": "Tarascon Pocket Pharmacopoeia 2011 Classic Shirt-Pocket Edition", 
    "type": "Paperback(25)"
}