{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Brandon Sanderson", 
    "description": "Who is the Hero of Ages?To end the Final Empire and restore freedom, Vin killed the Lord Ruler. But as a result, the Deepness&#151;-the lethal form of the ubiquitous mists&#151;-is back, along with increasingly heavy ashfalls and ever more powerful earthquakes. Humanity appears to be doomed.Having escaped death at the climax ofThe Well of Ascensiononly by becoming a Mistborn himself, Emperor Elend Venture hopes to find clues left behind by the Lord Ruler that will allow him to save the world. Vin is consumed with guilt at having been tricked into releasing the mystic force known as Ruin from the Well. Ruin wants to end the world, and its near omniscience and ability to warp reality make stopping it seem impossible. She can&#8217;t even discuss it with Elend lest Ruin learn their plans!The conclusion of the Mistborn trilogy fulfills all the promise of the first two books. Revelations abound, connections rooted in early chapters of the series click into place, and surprises, as satisfying as they are stunning, blossom like fireworks to dazzle and delight. It all leads up to a finale unmatched for originality and audacity that will leave readers rubbing their eyes in wonder, as if awaking from an amazing dream.", 
    "format": "Mass Market Paperback, 784pp", 
    "image": "33772381.JPG", 
    "isbn": "0765356147", 
    "isbn13": "9780765356147", 
    "listprice": "$7.99", 
    "price": "$7.91", 
    "pub_date": "April 2009", 
    "publisher": "Doherty, Tom Associates, LLC", 
    "rating": "4.5", 
    "review": "This adventure brings the Mistborn epic fantasy trilogy (after 2007'sThe Well of Ascension) to a dramatic and surprising climax. Tricked into releasing the evil spirit Ruin while attempting to close the Well of Ascension, new emperor Elend Venture and his wife, the assassin Vin, are now hard-pressed to save the world from Ruin's deadly Inquisitors, the insidious lethal mists called the Deepness and the increasingly heavy falls of black ash that threaten to bury the land and starve its inhabitants. As the duo search for the last of the former emperor's cache of atium, source of the strongest Mistborn energies, they battle Ruin's forces as well as monsters and prophetic powers. Sanderson's saga of consequences offers complex characters and a compelling plot, asking hard questions about loyalty, faith and responsibility.(Oct.)Copyright &copy; Reed Business Information, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.", 
    "reviewer": "Publishers Weekly", 
    "subjects": [], 
    "title": "The Hero of Ages (Mistborn Series #3)", 
    "type": "Paperback(Mass Market Paperback First Edition)"
}