{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Nathan Myhrvold,Chris Young,Maxime Bilet", 
    "description": "A revolution is underway in the art of cooking. Just as French Impressionists upended centuries of tradition, Modernist cuisine has in recent years blown through the boundaries of the culinary arts. Borrowing techniques from the laboratory, pioneering chefs at world-renowned restaurants such as elBulli, The Fat Duck, Alinea, and wd~50 have incorporated a deeper understanding of science and advances in cooking technology into their culinary art.In Modernist Cuisine: The Art and Science of Cooking, Nathan Myhrvold, Chris Young, and Maxime Bilet scientists, inventors, and accomplished cooks in their own right have created a six-volume 2,400-page set that reveals science-inspired techniques for preparing food that ranges from the otherworldly to the sublime. The authors and their 20-person team at The Cooking Lab have achieved astounding new flavors and textures by using tools such as water baths, homogenizers, centrifuges, and ingredients such as hydrocolloids, emulsifiers, and enzymes. It is a work destined to reinvent cooking.How do you make an omelet light and tender on the outside, but rich and creamy inside? Or French fries with a light and fluffy interior and a delicate, crisp crust that doesn t go soggy? Imagine being able to encase a mussel in a gelled sphere of its own sweet and briny juice. Or to create a silky-smooth pistachio cream made from nothing more than the nuts themselves. Modernist Cuisine offers step-by-step, illustrated instructions, as well...", 
    "format": "Hardcover, 2400pp", 
    "image": "98746729.JPG", 
    "isbn": "0982761007", 
    "isbn13": "9780982761007", 
    "listprice": "$625.00", 
    "price": "$477.93", 
    "pub_date": "March 2011", 
    "publisher": "Cooking Lab, The", 
    "rating": "4.5", 
    "review": "We now have a definitive work about this cuisine, how and why it works, and the tools and ingredients it could not do without&#8230;Modernist Cuisineis not for most home cooks. For the professional chef, modernist or not, it will be an invaluable reference. For the cooking geek with $625 to spare&#8230;it will be endless fun. As a physical object it is remarkable; sometimes I found myself simply staring at the block of books&#8230;In the end, I can only smile, shake my head and bow to [Myhrvold] and his crew for their work of unprecedented scope and ambition.", 
    "reviewer": "The New York Times - Michael Ruhlman", 
    "title": "Modernist Cuisine: The Art and Science of Cooking", 
    "type": "Hardcover(6-Volume Set)"
}