{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Ina Garten", 
    "description": "Barefoot Contessa Back to Basicsis the essential Ina Garten cookbook, focusing on the techniques behind her elegant food and easy entertaining style, and offering nearly a hundred brand-new recipes that will become trusted favorites.Ina Garten&#8217;s bestselling cookbooks have con-sistently provided accessible, subtly sophisticated recipes ranging from French classics made easy to delicious, simple home cooking. InBarefoot Contessa Back to Basics, Ina truly breaks down her ideas on flavor, examining the ingredients and techniques that are the foundation of her easy, refined style.Here Ina covers the essentials, from ten ways to boost the flavors of your ingredients to ten things not to serve at a party, as well as professional tips that make successful baking, cooking, and entertaining a breeze. The recipes&#8212;crowd-pleasers like Lobster Corn Chowder, Tuscan Lemon Chicken, and Easy Sticky Buns&#8212;demonstrate Ina&#8217;s talent for transforming fresh, easy-to-find ingredients into elegant meals you can make without stress.For longtime fans, Ina delivers new insights into her simple techniques; for newcomers she provides a thorough master class on the basics of Barefoot Contessa cooking plus a Q&A; section with answers to the questions people ask her all the time. With full-color photographs and invaluable cooking tips,Barefoot Contessa Back to Basicsis an essential addition to the cherished library of Barefoot Contessa cookbooks.", 
    "format": "Hardcover, 272pp", 
    "image": "28006546.JPG", 
    "isbn": "1400054354", 
    "isbn13": "9781400054350", 
    "listprice": "$35.00", 
    "price": "$20.58", 
    "pub_date": "October 2008", 
    "publisher": "Crown Publishing Group", 
    "rating": "3.5", 
    "review": "The sixth cookbook from the Barefoot Contessa juggernaut contains exactly the kind of appealing, simple-yet-just-gourmet-enough recipes Garten devotees adore. There's nothing very surprising (Garten tries to claim an ingredient-focused premise), but her formula works. She offers such dishes as Lobster Corn Chowder, Creamy Cucumber Salad, Tuscan Lemon Chicken, Tagliarelle with Truffle Butter (which has just five ingredients, plus salt and pepper), and Brownie Pudding. Garten suggests tips on such things as setting the table and '10 things not to serve at a dinner party.' Her tone can be charmingly pretentious, but she comes down to earth with admissions like 'I have to admit that pastry still makes me anxious. When I discovered puff pastry, it was such a relief.' Recipes are short and simple, and she often squeezes in insightful hints for making things work perfectly.(Oct.)Copyright &copy; Reed Business Information, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.", 
    "reviewer": "Publishers Weekly", 
    "subjects": [
        {
            "name": "Barefoot Contessa (Store)"
        }, 
        {
            "name": "Cookery"
        }
    ], 
    "title": "Barefoot Contessa Back to Basics: How to Get Great Flavors from Simple Ingredients", 
    "type": "Hardcover"
}