{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Cindi Leive,The Editors Of Glamour", 
    "description": "Once upon a time, there was an easy roast chicken recipe, handed down by a fashion editor at Glamour magazine to her assistant, who was in search of a dish to prepare for dinner with her boyfriend.  She made the chicken.  Her boyfriend loved it.  He had  seconds.  And shortly thereafter, he proposed.  But that s not all:   Three more young women at the magazine made the chicken for the men in  their lives who then, in short order, popped the question.   Glamour published the recipe dubbing it, naturally, Engagement Chicken and since then, the magazine s editors have heard from more than 60 women who have gotten engaged after making the dish.Commitment-phobes be warned:  This bird means business!Of course, there is more to life than weddings.  And there s more to this cookbook than Engagement Chicken.  100 Recipes Every Woman Should Know also includes 99 of the magazine's other most-loved, best-reviewed dishes, all designed to get you exactly what you want in life, exactly when you want it.  From Prove to Mom You're Not Going to Starve Meat Loaf to Impress His Family Chardonnay Cake, these recipes will help you cook with passion and persuasion. And they re all written with your real life and real needs in mind. Because whether you re a novice or an expert, cooking should never be intimidating and it should always be fun.Don t miss these easy, essential recipes:He Stayed Over Omelet Skinny Jeans Scallops No Guy Required...", 
    "format": "Hardcover, 304pp", 
    "image": "96655716.JPG", 
    "isbn": "1401324061", 
    "isbn13": "9781401324063", 
    "listprice": "$24.99", 
    "price": "$15.13", 
    "pub_date": "April 2011", 
    "publisher": "Hyperion", 
    "rating": "3.5", 
    "review": "Despite the distasteful title, this cookbook from Glamour editor in chief Leive will win readers over. While this reviewer is skeptical that a chicken could lead to engagement, the testimonials are sure to melt even the most cynical heart. Working women short on time will relish the simple and creative recipes like Engagement Chicken, He Stayed Over Omelet, and Impress a Crowd Fries. A guide to grilling, five breakfasts for busy women, and a rundown on which pastas go with which sauces will aid beginner cooks. This cookbook is sure to be a hit.", 
    "reviewer": "Library Journal", 
    "subjects": [
        {
            "name": "American Cooking"
        }
    ], 
    "title": "100 Recipes Every Woman Should Know: Engagement Chicken and 99 Other Fabulous Dishes to Get You Everything You Want in Life", 
    "type": "Hardcover"
}