{
    "age_range": "Young Adult", 
    "author": "Ellen Hopkins", 
    "description": "&ldquo;When all choice is taken from you, life becomes a game of survival.&rdquo;Five teenagers from different parts of the country. Three girls. Two guys. Four straight. One gay. Some rich. Some poor. Some from great families. Some with no one at all. All living their lives as best they can, but all searching . . . for freedom, safety, community, family, love. What they don&rsquo;t expect, though, is all that can happen when those powerful little words, &ldquo;I love you,&rdquo; are said for all the wrong reasons. These are five moving stories that remain separate at first, then weave together to tell a larger, more powerful story&#8211;a story about making choices, taking leaps of faith, falling down, and growing up. And figuring out what sex and love are all about.TRICKS is informed and inspired by living near Las Vegas&#8211;a big teen prostitution scene&#8211;and by the fact that teen prostitution is not exclusively the result of kids running away from abuse. Kids from &ldquo;better&rdquo; families are selling themselves for hefty sums in order to finance addictions or even just to buy jewelry or clothing. In some cases, parents prostitute their children for the same reason. So what happens to the kids who are asking themselves, and asking us, &ldquo;Can I ever feel OK about myself?&rdquo;Highly charged, TRICKS is a gripping experience that turns you on and repels you at the same time.", 
    "format": "Hardcover, 640pp", 
    "image": "43558166.JPG", 
    "isbn": "1416950079", 
    "isbn13": "9781416950073", 
    "listprice": "$18.99", 
    "price": "$10.75", 
    "pub_date": "August 2009", 
    "publisher": "Simon & Schuster Children's Publishing", 
    "rating": "4.5", 
    "review": "Hopkins again tackles a serious societal problem, this time focusing on teen prostitution. Fans of her work will recognize both her signature free verses and the gritty details she weaves within them. Newcomers, however, may be shocked by the graphic depictions of five struggling teens who find themselves turning tricks (one realizes her mother has sold her &ldquo;for a good time&rdquo; with a stranger, while another recounts &ldquo;pretending to enjoy... deviant sex&rdquo; to earn the trust of a guard at an ultra-strict religious rehabilitation camp). Some plotting seems clich&eacute;d, such as the story of a preacher's daughter from Idaho, whose mother banishes her to the Tears of Zion camp after catching her with her boyfriend. While each story unfolds slowly, readers will understand the protagonists' desperation as well as their complete powerlessness once their descents have begun. Each story is unique (one teen needs money, another was thrown out because of his sexuality, still another was simply looking for love from the wrong person); while readers may connect with some characters more than others, they will long remember each painful story. Ages 14&ndash;up. (Aug.)", 
    "reviewer": "Publishers Weekly", 
    "subjects": [], 
    "title": "Tricks", 
    "type": "Hardcover"
}