{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Rick Springfield", 
    "description": "In a searingly candid memoir which he authored himself, Grammy Award-winning pop icon Rick Springfield pulls back the curtain on his image as a bright, shiny, happy performer to share the startling story of his rise and fall and rise in music, film, and television and his lifelong battle with depression. In the 1980s, singer-songwriter and actor Rick Springfield seemed to have it all&#58; a megahit single in &ldquo;Jessie&rsquo;s Girl,&rdquo; sold-out concert tours, follow-up hits that sold more than 17 million albums and became the pop soundtrack for an entire generation, and 12 million daily viewers who avidly tuned in to General Hospital to swoon over his portrayal of the handsome Dr. Noah Drake. Yet lurking behind his success as a pop star and soap opera heartthrob and his unstoppable drive was a moody, somber, and dark soul, one filled with depression and insecurity. In Late, Late at Night, the memoir his millions of fans have been waiting for, Rick takes readers inside the highs and lows of his extraordinary life. By turns winningly funny and heartbreakingly sad, every page resonates with Rick&rsquo;s witty, wry, self-deprecating, brutally honest voice. On one level, he reveals the inside story of his ride to the top of the entertainment world. On a second, deeper level, he recounts with unsparing candor the forces that have driven his life, including his longtime battle with depression and thoughts of suicide, the shattering...", 
    "format": "Paperback, 352pp", 
    "image": "102048329.JPG", 
    "isbn": "1439191808", 
    "isbn13": "9781439191804", 
    "listprice": "$15.99", 
    "price": "$9.39", 
    "pub_date": "July 2011", 
    "publisher": "Simon & Schuster Adult Publishing Group", 
    "rating": "4", 
    "review": "The Rick Springfield of the eighties might be best described as a full-time heartthrob. Not only was he the plaintive voice behind 'Jessie's Girl' and albums that sold more than 17 million copies; as physician Noah Drake, he was a prototypal Doctor McDreamy on soap opera's General Hospital. Behind that seductive persona though, this versatile Australian was a brooding, even suicidal bundle of nerves. Late, Late At Night, which Springfield wrote himself, describes the insecurities and concealed trauma behind his gleaming public image. Ultimately uplifting, this disarmingly candid memoir strikes deeper than any mere celebrity autobiography.", 
    "reviewer": "From Barnes &amp; Noble", 
    "title": "Late, Late at Night", 
    "type": "Paperback"
}