{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Jennet Conant", 
    "description": "Bestselling author Jennet Conant brings us a stunning account of Julia and Paul Child&#8217;s experiences as members of the Office of Strategic Services (OSS) in the Far East during World War II and the tumultuous years when they were caught up in the McCarthy Red spy hunt in the 1950s and behaved with bravery and honor. It is the fascinating portrait of a group of idealistic men and women who were recruited by the citizen spy service, slapped into uniform, and dispatched to wage political warfare in remote outposts in Ceylon, India, and China. The eager, inexperienced 6 foot 2 inch Julia springs to life in these pages, a gangly golf-playing California girl who had never been farther abroad than Tijuana. Single and thirty years old when she joined the staff of Colonel William Donovan, Julia volunteered to be part of the OSS&#8217;s ambitious mission to develop a secret intelligence network across Southeast Asia. Her first post took her to the mountaintop idyll of Kandy, the headquarters of Admiral Lord Louis Mountbatten, the supreme commander of combined operations. Julia reveled in the glamour and intrigue of her overseas assignment and lifealtering romance with the much older and more sophisticated Paul Child, who took her on trips into the jungle, introduced her to the joys of curry, and insisted on educating both her mind and palate. A painter drafted to build war rooms, Paul was a colorful, complex personality. Conant uses extracts from his letters in which his sharp...", 
    "format": "Hardcover, 416pp", 
    "image": "98426538.JPG", 
    "isbn": "1439163529", 
    "isbn13": "9781439163528", 
    "listprice": "$28.00", 
    "price": "$15.90", 
    "pub_date": "April 2011", 
    "publisher": "Simon & Schuster Adult Publishing Group", 
    "rating": "3", 
    "review": "Readers of Julie Powell's Julie and Julia and viewers of its film version know that master recipe-maker Julia Child (1912-2004) and her husband Paul both worked for the Office of Strategic Services (O.S.S.), America's clandestine intelligence agency during World War II. Few of us, however, know much about their hush-hush activities and even less about their close friendship with Jane Foster (1912-1979), an O.S.S. worker who was indicted, but not tried as a Soviet operative. Jennet Conant's A Covert Affair reveals the fascinating story of the couple's high-level service (Julia reported directly to O.S.S. chief 'Wild Bill' Donovan), but perhaps its most intriguing revelations concern the Child's staunch support of their embattled friend, a loyalty that eventually cost Paul his job. An eye-opener from the author of The Irregulars and Tuxedo Park. Editor's recommendation.", 
    "reviewer": "From Barnes &amp; Noble", 
    "subjects": [], 
    "title": "A Covert Affair: Julia Child and Paul Child in the OSS", 
    "type": "Hardcover"
}