{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Michael F. Roizen,Mehmet C. Oz MD", 
    "description": "Whether your goal for your body is to lose a dress size or to avoid being seen by Google Earth, many Americans are in the same exact blubbery boat. You've tried dozens of diets, you've sweated so much that your drippings could fill an Olympic-size pool, and you've become convinced that skinny was synonymous with starvation. Those answers undoubtedly were the wrong ones. The real secret to achieving -- and maintaining -- the body you want is this&#58; biology.In YOU&#58; On a Diet, Dr. Michael Roizen and Dr. Mehmet Oz taught you how to avoid the most common dieting pitfalls -- from both a biological and psychological perspective. This revised edition has all of the original goods, and more! In this edition, you'll learn why fructose is such a poison to an overweight person and why your weight doesn't matter as much as your waist size. You'll learn about the inner workings of an organ called the omentum. You'll learn why it's okay to make some dieting mistakes -- and then how to reverse them. And you'll learn -- perhaps most important -- that the way to truly change your size is by making the simplest change of all&#58; reducing your daily diet by just 100 calories. Research shows that making this small adjustment will lead to the greatest, long-term dieting success.With this knowledge (and plenty of tools you can use) in hand, you'll be fully equipped to coax your body in the right direction. Using their signature style that's smart and fun, America's most trusted...", 
    "format": "Hardcover, 530pp", 
    "image": "50768926.JPG", 
    "isbn": "1451338783", 
    "isbn13": "9781451338782", 
    "listprice": "$26.99", 
    "price": "$3.99", 
    "pub_date": "December 2009", 
    "publisher": "Simon & Schuster Adult Publishing Group", 
    "rating": "3", 
    "review": "Back for another highly entertaining round of Biology 101, the  team behind YOU: The Owner's Manual applies its signature wit  and wisdom to food metabolism and nutrition. According to Roizen  and Oz, waist measurement, not weight, is the most important  factor in mortality related to obesity, and understanding the  relationship between chemicals and hormones influencing hunger  and those signaling satiety is the key to ending yo-yo dieting.  Most diets fail, Roizen and Oz conclude, because body chemistry  overrules the best plans and intentions. To restore the body's  natural ability to balance hunger and satiety and offset the  effects of stress on food choices, they list foods and  supplements that fight fat, decrease appetite and combat  inflammation that causes disease. Roizen and Oz pack in a lot of  material-quizzes, 'factoids' and 'myth busters' along with diet  and exercise plans, recipes and a two-week 'rebooting'  program-in bite-sized portions, giving readers a chance to  absorb and apply what they learn. For those considering medical  intervention, they discuss current options for drugs and  surgery. (Oct.)   Copyright 2006 Reed Business Information.", 
    "reviewer": "Publishers Weekly", 
    "title": "You on a Diet: The Owner's Manual for Waist Management", 
    "type": "Hardcover"
}