{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Heidi Swanson", 
    "description": "HEIDI SWANSON'S approach to cooking whole, natural foods has earned her a global readership. From her Northern California kitchen, she introduced us to a less-processed world of cooking and eating through her award-winning blog, 101 Cookbooks, and in her James Beard Award&ndash;nominated cookbook, Super Natural Cooking, she taught us how to expand our pantries and integrate nutrient-rich superfoods into our diets.&#160;In Super Natural Every Day, Heidi helps us make nutritionally packed meals part of our daily repertoire by sharing a sumptuous collection of nearly 100 of her go-to recipes. These are the dishes that Heidi returns to again and again because they&rsquo;re approachable, good for the body, and just plain delicious. This stylish cookbook is equal parts inspiration and instruction, showing us how to create a welcoming table filled with nourishing food for friends and family. &#160;The seductively flavorful vegetarian recipes for breakfast, lunch, dinner, snacks, treats, and drinks are quick to the table but tasty enough to linger over. Grab a Millet Muffin or some flaky Yogurt Biscuits for breakfast on the go, or settle into a lazy Sunday morning with a stack of Multi-grain Pancakes and a steaming cup of Ginger Tea. A bowl of Summer Squash Soup or a couple of Chanterelle Tacos make for a light and healthy lunch, and for dinner, there&rsquo;s Black Sesame Otsu, Pomegranate-Glazed Eggplant with Tempeh, or the aptly named Weeknight Curry....", 
    "format": "Paperback, 256pp", 
    "image": "89249933.JPG", 
    "isbn": "1580082777", 
    "isbn13": "9781580082778", 
    "listprice": "$23.00", 
    "price": "$15.17", 
    "pub_date": "April 2011", 
    "publisher": "Ten Speed Press", 
    "rating": "3.5", 
    "review": "The author of Super Natural Cooking and the blog 101 Cookbooks, Swanson offers a glimpse into her favorite everyday recipes. A huge and often preachy proponent of the buy organic/local/seasonal movement, she focuses on whole, natural foods including whole grains, whole grain flours, and fresh produce&mdash;ingredients that are seasonal and minimally processed. Recipes run the gamut from breakfast through desserts and include healthier variations of familiar favorites including crepes made with rye flour and ginger cookies with dried apricots and shaved chocolate. Lunch offerings include unique and palatable dishes such as kale salad with toasted coconut and sesame oil, and chanterelle tacos. Dinner recipes such as chickpea stew made with saffron, black pepper tempeh and weeknight curry made with tofu are big on flavor. Swanson spends several pages detailing her pantry staples including oils and fats, grains, and flours to guide those unfamiliar with key ingredients. For those looking to incorporate more healthful ingredients into their diet, Swanson offers a welcome variety of appetizing recipes that are easy enough to prepare on busy weeknights and sure to appeal. (Apr.)", 
    "reviewer": "Publishers Weekly", 
    "title": "Super Natural Every Day: Well-loved Recipes from My Natural Foods Kitchen", 
    "type": "Paperback"
}