{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Zack O'Malley Greenburg", 
    "description": "'I'm not a businessman-I'm a business, man.'  &#151;Jay-Z Some people think Jay-Z is just another rapper. Others see him as just another celebrity/mega-star. The reality is, no matter what you think Jay-Z is, he first and foremost a business. And as much as Martha Stewart or Oprah, he has turned himself into a lifestyle. You can wake up to the local radio station playing Jay-Z's latest hit, spritz yourself with his 9IX cologne, slip on a pair of his Rocawear jeans, lace up your Reebok S. Carter sneakers, catch a Nets basketball game in the afternoon, and grab dinner at The Spotted Pig before heading to an evening performance of the Jay-Z-backed Broadway musical Fela! and a nightcap at his 40/40 Club. He'll profit at every turn of your day. But despite Jay-Z's success, there are still many Americans whose impressions of him are foggy, outdated, or downright incorrect. Surprisingly to many, he honed his business philosophy not at a fancy B school, but on the streets of Brooklyn, New York and beyond as a drug dealer in the 1980s. Empire State of Mind tells the story behind Jay-Z's rise to the top as told by the people who lived it with him- from classmates at Brooklyn's George Westinghouse High School; to the childhood friend who got him into the drug trade; to the DJ who convinced him to stop dealing and focus on music. This book explains just how Jay-Z propelled himself from the bleak streets of Brooklyn to the heights of the business world. Zack...", 
    "format": "Hardcover, 240pp", 
    "image": "76647023.JPG", 
    "isbn": "1591843812", 
    "isbn13": "9781591843818", 
    "listprice": "$25.95", 
    "price": "$15.44", 
    "pub_date": "March 2011", 
    "publisher": "Penguin Group (USA)", 
    "rating": "4", 
    "review": "Forbes staffer Greenburg's first book is a fond look at a successful idol; in fact, the author thanks 'Jay-Z for living a life worthy of chronicling.' Celebrity enchantment aside, this effort offers little new information. Though it's not for a lack of trying; Greenburg is an enthusiastic researcher but admits to having requests to interview Jay-Z himself declined. Thus, only a few first person interviews-rambling anecdotes at that-have made the cut. Perhaps this obvious omission resulted in Greenburg's unfortunate decision to analyze the mogul's behavior. The chapter devoted to Beyonce reads like a compilation of People magazine articles: 'raised a devout Methodist...in an upper-middle-class neighborhood in Houston, Texas.' When their six-year relationship was formalized by marriage, Beyonce wore a '$5 million Lorraine Schwartz ring.' Perhaps the book's most interesting moment also illustrates Jay-Z's single-minded determination to succeed: after Greenburg met with Jay-Z's 'consigliere,' John Meneilly, to discuss the book, Jay-Z 'repurposed the memoir he'd scuttled in 2003 and released his book before this one went to press.'(c) Copyright PWxyz, LLC.  All rights reserved.", 
    "reviewer": "Publishers Weekly", 
    "subjects": [
        {
            "name": "Rap musicians"
        }, 
        {
            "name": "Biography"
        }
    ], 
    "title": "Empire State of Mind: How Jay-Z Went from Street Corner to Corner Office", 
    "type": "Hardcover"
}