{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Henry Winkler", 
    "description": "In this delightful collection of humorous anecdotes and heartfelt observations, Henry Winkler shares the joy and wisdom he&#8217;s accumulated while honing his skills as a fly fisherman. A accomplished sportsman who meticulously records the measurements of every fish he hooks, Winkler has learned that his yearly trips to the river are not just about catching trout. More importantly, they&#8217;re about adopting the proper perspective on life. Or, as Winkler puts it, when he&#8217;s fly fishing, the river acts like a &#147;washing machine for my brain,&#8221; recharging him and reminding him that anything is possible. Winkler makes a habit of sharing his angling adventures with his wife, Stacey, and their three children, Jed, Zoe, and Max. The Winklers&#8217; annual trip, where they can escape the busyness of everyday life, has brought them together as a family. On the river, Henry has grown to appreciate the support his wife and children give him, learned to listen, and developed the confidence to publish his outdoor photography in his first non-fiction book.An expression of the inherent optimism that stems from the simplicity of the outdoors,I&#8217;ve Never Met an Idiot on the Riveris an invitation to share in the realizations and achievements Winkler", 
    "format": "Hardcover, 144pp", 
    "image": "92157080.JPG", 
    "isbn": "1608870200", 
    "isbn13": "9781608870202", 
    "listprice": "$21.95", 
    "price": "$13.57", 
    "pub_date": "May 2011", 
    "publisher": "Insight Editions LLC", 
    "rating": "5", 
    "review": "Actor, director, and children's author Winkler offers an amalgam of memoir, self-help, fishing, and photography in this slim, illustrated volume. Born to German immigrant parents in Manhattan, Winkler had undiagnosed dyslexia that wreaked havoc on his early education and self-esteem (his parents calling him 'dumb dog' didn't help either), yet he managed to graduate college, earn a drama master's from Yale, get film work, and land a career-defining role on a popular sitcom. An invite from a friend introduced Winkler to fly-fishing; he was instantly smitten. Fly-fishing became his overwhelming passion, and his angling jaunts to the trout heaven of Montana's rivers became an annual ritual. The majestic scenery surrounding the water led to an interest in nature photography (the book sports numerous pix). VERDICT Winkler's message is positive and upbeat, making the book as much a motivational title as a fishing memoir. The important lesson he learned from his achievements is that with patience, persistence, and practice you can accomplish anything. Although that might seem simplistic, it's a core lesson that, alas, is often forgotten in our current narcissistic age. Well done, Henry. This breezy, charming volume is for fans of celebrity memoirs and self-help.&mdash;Mike Rogers, Library Journal", 
    "reviewer": "Library Journal", 
    "title": "I've Never Met an Idiot on the River: Reflections on Family, Fishing, and Photography", 
    "type": "Hardcover"
}