{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Rory Stewart", 
    "description": "In January 2002 Rory Stewart walked across Afghanistan-surviving by his wits, his knowledge of Persian dialects and Muslim customs, and the kindness of strangers. By day he passed through mountains covered in nine feet of snow, hamlets burned and emptied by the Taliban, and communities thriving amid the remains of medieval civilizations. By night he slept on villagers' floors, shared their meals, and listened to their stories of the recent and ancient past. Along the way Stewart met heroes and rogues, tribal elders and teenage soldiers, Taliban commanders and foreign-aid workers. He was also adopted by an unexpected companion-a retired fighting mastiff he named Babur in honor of Afghanistan's first Mughal emperor, in whose footsteps the pair was following.Through these encounters-by turns touching, con-founding, surprising, and funny-Stewart makes tangible the forces of tradition, ideology, and allegiance that shape life in the map's countless places in between.", 
    "format": "Paperback, 320pp", 
    "image": "38318605.JPG", 
    "isbn": "161683689X", 
    "isbn13": "9781616836894", 
    "listprice": "$14.95", 
    "price": "$4.98", 
    "pub_date": "April 2006", 
    "publisher": "Houghton Mifflin Harcourt", 
    "rating": "4", 
    "review": "The book is replete with fascinating, if fearfully context-dependent, travel tips. If you are forced to lie about being a Muslim, claim you're from Indonesia, a Muslim nation few non-Indonesian Muslims know much about. Open land undefiled by sheep droppings has most likely been mined. If you're taking your donkey to high altitudes, slice open its nostrils to allow greater oxygen flow. Don't carry detailed maps, since they tend to suggest 007 affinities. If, finally, you're determined to do something as recklessly stupid as walk across a war zone, your surest bet to quash all the inevitable criticism is to write a flat-out masterpiece. Stewart did. Stewart has.The Places in Betweenis, in very nearly every sense, too good to be true.", 
    "reviewer": "The New York Times - Tom Bissell", 
    "title": "The Places in Between", 
    "type": "Paperback"
}