{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Robert C. Atkins", 
    "description": "Weight Loss, Weight Maintenance, Good Health and Disease Prevention Through the Atkins Nutritional Approach&#8482;Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolutionhas helped millions lose weight and get healthy. Now the world's #1 diet and complementary medicine expert has updated his proven program for a new century &#151; offering essential new information based on scientifically supported controlled carbohydrate principles. The updatedNew Diet Revolutionincludes&#58;All you need to know to achieve permanent weight loss and a lifetime of well-beingBrand-new case studiesThe very latest scientific research!WithDr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution, you can eat the delicious meals you love and kick-start your metabolism so that you burn fat for energy. You can reduce the risk factors associated with certain major health problems, including cardiovascular disease and diabetes. Atkins will help you re-energize your life by rebalancing your nutrition so that you look good, feel good, lose weight and keep it off. A carbohydrate counter is included.Read by Eric Conger.", 
    "format": "Mass Market Paperback, 560pp", 
    "image": "13792131.JPG", 
    "isbn": "006001203X", 
    "isbn13": "9780060012038", 
    "listprice": "$7.99", 
    "price": "$7.99", 
    "pub_date": "December 2001", 
    "publisher": "HarperCollins Publishers", 
    "rating": "4", 
    "review": "Dr. Atkins has given his hugely popular diet plan a makeover, complete with new recipes, updated scientific information, and a more integrative approach to weight loss and total health. With the medical community beginning to recognize the validity of the Atkins approach -- which maintains that excessive carbohydrates, not fat, are the real culprits in weight gain -- there has never been a better time to check out the diet revolution pioneered by the author whose other bestsellers includeDr. Atkins  New Carbohydrate Gram CounterandDr. Atkins  New Diet Cookbook.", 
    "reviewer": "From Barnes &amp; Noble", 
    "title": "Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution", 
    "type": "Paperback(Mass Market Paperback Completely Updated)"
}