{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Dale Brown", 
    "description": "Welcome to Battlefield AmericaWhen the stock markets crash and the American economy falls into a crippling recession, the president must make massive cuts in the federal budget, including the public safety budget. In response, entire communities of armed citizens band together for survival and mutual protection. Against this dismal backdrop, an entire FBI SWAT team is ambushed and radioactive materials are stolen by a group calling themselves the Knights of the True Republic.In this time of crisis, a citizen organization rises to the task of protecting their fellow countrymen&#58; the Civil Air Patrol. The Nevada Wing&#151;led by retired Air Force Lieutenant-General Patrick McLanahan and his son, Bradley&#151;uses their military skills in the sky and on the ground to hunt down violent terrorists. But how will Patrick respond when extremists launch a catastrophic dirty bomb attack in Reno?WithA Time for Patriots,New York Timesbestselling master of the modern thriller Dale Brown brings the battle home to explore a terrifying possibility&#151;the collapse of the American Republic.", 
    "format": "Hardcover, 400pp", 
    "image": "96784759.JPG", 
    "isbn": "0061989991", 
    "isbn13": "9780061989995", 
    "listprice": "$26.99", 
    "price": "$26.85", 
    "pub_date": "May 2011", 
    "publisher": "HarperCollins Publishers", 
    "rating": "3.5", 
    "review": "Bestseller Brown's interesting but light on action thriller, part of his loose series featuring a number of characters (Executive Intent, etc.), finds Gen. Patrick McLanahan now retired to Battle Mountain, Nev. There McLanahan continues his lifetime of service by flying rescue missions for the local Civil Air Patrol. In an earlier installment, America survived an attack by Russian bombers after McLanahan led a successful counterattack, but now the economic crash of 2012 has achieved what the Russians were unable to accomplish. Severe budget cuts have mothballed much of America's armed might, and now homegrown terrorists known as the Knights of the True Republic of America are carrying out attacks on the government. McLanahan has a full plate of domestic difficulties&mdash;his 17-year-old son, Brad, is chafing at the familial bonds, and McLanahan's girlfriend, Gia, has disappeared. Fortunately, McLanahan can rely on the help of his fellow CAP volunteers and some old friends in his battle with the terrorists. Established fans will have no trouble following the action, but newcomers are advised to dive into the series two or three books back if they really want to know what's going on. (May)", 
    "reviewer": "Publishers Weekly", 
    "subjects": [], 
    "title": "A Time for Patriots", 
    "type": "Hardcover"
}