{
    "age_range": "Young Adult", 
    "author": "Susane Colasanti", 
    "description": "At the beginning of her sophomore year, Marisa is ready for a fresh start and, more importantly, a boyfriend. So when the handsome and popular Derek asks her out, Marisa thinks her long wait for happiness is over. But several bumps in the road - including her parents' unexpected separation, a fight with her best friend, and a shocking disappointment in her relationship with Derek - test Marisa's ability to maintain her new outlook. Only the anonymous DJ, whose underground podcasts have the school's ear, seems to understand what Marisa is going through. But she has no idea who he is - or does she?In this third romantic novel from Susane Colasanti, Marisa learns how to 'be in the Now' and realizes that the love she's been waiting for has been right in front of her all along.", 
    "format": "Paperback, 336pp", 
    "image": "53704578.JPG", 
    "isbn": "0142415758", 
    "isbn13": "9780142415757", 
    "listprice": "$8.99", 
    "price": "$8.99", 
    "pub_date": "April 2010", 
    "publisher": "Penguin Group (USA) Incorporated", 
    "rating": "4", 
    "review": "Though Marisa struggles with an anxiety disorder and depression, she starts the school year wanting 'everyone at school to know I am not a freak anymore.' Her life becomes more exciting when Derek, the popular boy she has a crush on, asks her out. But when Marisa begins suspecting Derek's relationship with his ex, her obsessive negative thinking returns. Colasanti (Take Me There) expertly handles the plot, keeping it ambiguous whether Derek is cheating on Marisa, or if he is being honest when he tells her, 'You're accusing me of something I didn't do.' The author also nicely contrasts Marisa's exciting but shallow relationship with Derek with her much deeper connection to nerdy Nash, to whom she opens up about her problems. There is no doubt who Marisa will eventually be with (and readers will easily ID the mysterious Dirty Dirk, a DJ who provides advice and hope to students via podcasts). Colasanti presents an authentic picture of how complicated it is to be a teenager, especially one in love. Ages 12-up.(May)Copyright &copy; Reed Business Information, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.", 
    "reviewer": "Publishers Weekly", 
    "subjects": [], 
    "title": "Waiting for You", 
    "type": "Paperback"
}