{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Stieg Larsson,Reg Keeland(Translator)", 
    "description": "It&#8217;s about the disappearance forty years ago of Harriet Vanger, a young scion of one of the wealthiest families in Sweden . . . and about her octogenarian uncle, determined to know the truth about what he believes was her murder.It&#8217;s about Mikael Blomkvist, a crusading journalist recently at the wrong end of a libel case, hired to get to the bottom of Harriet&#8217;s disappearance . . . and about Lisbeth Salander, a twenty-four-year-old pierced and tattooed genius hacker possessed of the hard-earned wisdom of someone twice her age who assists Blomkvist with the investigation. This unlikely team discovers a vein of nearly unfathomable iniquity running through the Vanger family, astonishing corruption in the highest echelons of Swedish industrialism and an unexpected connection between themselves.Contagiously exciting, it&#8217;s about society at its most hidden, and about the intimate lives of a brilliantly realized cast of characters, all of them forced to face the darker aspects of their world and of their own lives.", 
    "format": "Paperback, 590pp", 
    "image": "65465053.JPG", 
    "isbn": "0307454541", 
    "isbn13": "9780307454546", 
    "listprice": "$14.95", 
    "price": "$8.87", 
    "pub_date": "June 2009", 
    "publisher": "Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group", 
    "rating": "4", 
    "review": "A Selection ofBarnes & Noble RecommendsAn engrossing debut thriller,The Girl with the Dragon Tattoohas been an international sensation, a bestseller in its native Sweden and throughout Europe. It features an unforgettable heroine: a brilliant 24-year-old punk-goth computer hacker and private investigator named Lisbeth Salander. Together with Mikael Blomkvist, a financial journalist on a most unusual assignment, she tracks a serial killer through a dangerous maze of business, political, and family secrets.The intricate tale begins when Blomkvist is convicted of libeling top Swedish industrialist Hans-Erik Wennerstr\u00f6m. Unable to prove his innocence, Blomkvist prepares to leave his position at Millennium, the magazine he co-founded, now financially threatened by the verdict. But a summons from Wennerstr\u00f6m's rival, the aging tycoon Henrik Vanger, presents an option he couldn't have imagined: In exchange for Blomkvist's writing the Vanger family history, Vanger promises to back Millennium financially and deliver incriminating evidence of Wennerstr\u00f6m's crooked dealings.But that's not all. The closets of the Vanger clan are littered with skeletons, and his new patron wants Blomkvist to set one at rest: the disappearance, 40 years ago, of Vanger's 16-year-old grandniece, Harriet. Intrigued by the cold case that was never solved despite multiple investigations, Blomkvist begins to dig for new evidence on an island north of Stockholm.He is soon joined by Salander, a freelance investigator originally hired by Vanger to vet Blomkvist's reputation. Multiple piercings and tattoos are belied by the young computer genius's photographic memory. A victim of assault and harrowing abuse, Salander is driven by a relentless will and an astonishing capability for merciless retribution.Larsson's narrative unfolds with mounting suspense, detailing the duo's intellectual ingenuity and increasing courage as they expose hidden cultures of right-wing fanaticism and misogyny and reveal the moral bankruptcy of big capital. As they race across Europe and on to Australia to trap their prey before another woman is tortured and killed, the reader is held in breathless anticipation until the novel's unforeseen conclusion.About the AuthorBorn in V\u00e4sterbotten in northern Sweden in 1954, STIEG LARSSON had a professional career that bears a striking resemblance to that of the protagonist ofThe Girl with the Dragon Tattoo,Mikael Blomkvist. Beginning as a graphic designer for the news agency Tidningarnas Telegrambyr\u00e5 (TT), Larsson went on to become the chief editor ofExpo,the magazine published by the Expo Foundation, an organization he helped establish in 1995 to combat racism and the Swedish right-wing extremist movement.Inspired by an old joke shared with a colleague at TT, Larsson admitted he started writingThe Girl with the Dragon Tattooat night just for fun. Two other novels, completing the Millennium trilogy, would follow. Describing them as 'pension insurance,' Larsson said he enjoyed the process of fiction writing so much that he didn't make contact with a publisher until he had completed the first two and had a third under way. Though Larsson died of a heart attack in 2004 and never saw any of his books in print, all three were subsequently published in Scandinavia and continental Europe to great acclaim.From Our BooksellersRefreshingly intelligent, this fast-paced mystery draws together an odd cast of underdog journalists, secretive industrialists, and a punk hacker with Asperger's to create the strangest and best thriller of the year, if not decade. A must-read.\r\n--James Tardif, Ellicott City, MDAn old-fashioned secluded island murder mystery, updated with complex characters and new technology . Like Hercule Poirot and Miss Marple meet Cold Case. Powerful, thrilling, and disturbing.\r\n--Jill Borage, St. Louis, MOThis gritty thriller is packed with deceit, treachery, and plenty of dirty family secrets -- enough to fill an entire basement with skeletons.\r\n--Elayne Carringer, Devon, PAGripping! I even read at stop lights and while I was brushing my teeth.\r\n--Sarah Goodrich, Lexington, KYFrom Writers and ReviewersAs vivid as bloodstains on snow -- and a perfect one-volume introduction to the unique strengths of Scandinavian crime fiction.\r\n--Lee ChildWhat a cracking novel! I haven't read such a stunning thriller debut for years . Brilliantly written and totally gripping.\r\n--Minette Walters'The ballyhoo is fully justified . At over 500 pages this hardly sagged . The novel scores on every front -- character, story, atmosphere.\r\n--The Times (London)A publishing sensation . Crime fiction has seldom needed to salute and mourn such a stellar talent as Larsson's in the same breath.\r\n--Sunday Times (London)", 
    "reviewer": "From Barnes &amp; Noble", 
    "subjects": [], 
    "title": "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo (Millennium Trilogy Series #1)", 
    "type": "Paperback"
}