{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Carolyn Cooke", 
    "description": "Carolyn Cooke's daring first novel opens with a drowning at sea that leaves one of its two young heroines fatherless, and, with laser-like emotional and linguistic precision, explores the lives of girls and women constellated around a single powerful man.   Daughters of the Revolution follows an aging, philandering academic, the headmaster of a tony New England prep school, Goddard Byrd, known as 'God' for short to both his friends and his enemies. God has confidently promised coeducation 'over my dead body' just as this New England city is engulfed by the social and political storms of integration, coeducation, second wave feminism and the sexual revolution.  The daughters of this revolution include God's estranged wife; two mistresses; a devoted amanuensis; the angry, brilliant young black artist who becomes his first female pupil; and a fatherless girl who chooses God as her personal patriarch.Searing and beautiful, wry and provocative, and wholly original.", 
    "format": "Hardcover, 192pp", 
    "image": "113264436.JPG", 
    "isbn": "0307594734", 
    "isbn13": "9780307594730", 
    "listprice": "$24.95", 
    "price": "$15.64", 
    "pub_date": "June 2011", 
    "publisher": "Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group", 
    "rating": "5", 
    "review": "For lack of a life jacket, the trajectory of several lives is altered in this smart, sexy, sarcastic, sophisticated novel from Cooke (The Bostons, a New York Times Notable Book). The Goode School, a prestigious New England bastion of male-only education, designed to prepare its wealthy students to become masters of the universe, represents a microcosm of the social and political upheaval of the past four decades, all overseen by self-important, entitled headmaster Goddard Byrd. In 1968, a typing error results in a scholarship offer to the first Negro female in the school's history, negating Byrd's promise to admit 'girls' over his dead body. Encouraged by the put-upon female faculty and protected by the moneyed Rebozos family, gloriously rebellious Carole Faust upends life at the school. Meanwhile, the drowning of Goode alumnus and doctoral candidate Heck Hellman means that his wife and daughter must struggle through menial jobs and public school education, working their way up to middle-class status until, years later, they cross paths with Carole at a Goode school function. VERDICT Cooke's unique novel defies genre comparisons but has particular relevance as our country's financial woes exacerbate the gap between the power brokers and the rest of us. This cautionary tale deserves wide readership. [See Prepub Alert, 11/29/10.]&mdash;Sally Bissell, Lee Cty. Lib. Syst., Ft. Myers, FL", 
    "reviewer": "Library Journal", 
    "title": "Daughters of the Revolution", 
    "type": "Hardcover"
}