{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Tim Wu", 
    "description": "In this age of an open Internet, it is easy to forget that every American information industry, beginning with the telephone, has eventually been taken captive by some ruthless monopoly or cartel. With all our media now traveling a single network, an unprecedented potential is building for centralized control over what Americans see and hear. Could history repeat itself with the next industrial consolidation? Could the Internet&mdash;the entire flow of American information&mdash;come to be ruled by one corporate leviathan in possession of &ldquo;the master switch&rdquo;? That is the big question of Tim Wu&rsquo;s pathbreaking book.As Wu&rsquo;s sweeping history shows, each of the new media of the twentieth century&mdash;radio, telephone, television, and film&mdash;was born free and open. Each invited unrestricted use and enterprising experiment until some would-be mogul battled his way to total domination. Here are stories of an uncommon will to power, the power over information&#58; Adolph Zukor, who took a technology once used as commonly as YouTube is today and made it the exclusive prerogative of a kingdom called Hollywood . . . NBC&rsquo;s founder, David Sarnoff, who, to save his broadcast empire from disruptive visionaries, bullied one inventor (of electronic television) into alcoholic despair and another (this one of FM radio, and his boyhood friend) into suicide . . . And foremost, Theodore Vail, founder of the Bell System, the greatest information empire of all...", 
    "format": "Hardcover, 384pp", 
    "image": "71185704.JPG", 
    "isbn": "0307269930", 
    "isbn13": "9780307269935", 
    "listprice": "$27.95", 
    "price": "$16.06", 
    "pub_date": "November 2010", 
    "publisher": "Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group", 
    "rating": "4", 
    "review": "As the Internet Age sprang up, idealistic talk blossomed about the unprecedented freedom and individual empowerment that it would bring us all. What few realized is that this utopian period of rapid innovation and free use will almost inevitably succumb to a corporate consolidation that will affect how we communicate. According to Columbia University professor and policy advocate Tim Wu, this dire outlook isn't just speculation. Citing the history of great 20th century information empires including Hollywood, the broadcast networks, and AT&T;, he argues that we should prepare for one giant entity taking control of American information. An impressively researched conversation starter.", 
    "reviewer": "From Barnes &amp; Noble", 
    "subjects": [
        {
            "name": "History"
        }, 
        {
            "name": "Telecommunication"
        }, 
        {
            "name": "Information technology"
        }
    ], 
    "title": "The Master Switch: The Rise and Fall of Information Empires", 
    "type": "Hardcover"
}