{
    "age_range": "Young Adult", 
    "author": "Gene Luen Yang", 
    "description": "All Jin Wang wants is to fit in...When his family moves to a new neighborhood, he suddenly finds that he s the only Chinese-American student at his school. Jocks and bullies pick on him constantly, and he has hardly any friends. Then, to make matters worse, he falls in love with an all-American girl...Born to rule over all the monkeys in the world, the story of the Monkey King is one of the oldest and greatest Chinese fables. Adored by his subjects, master of the arts of kung-fu, he is the most powerful monkey on earth. But the Monkey King doesn t want to be a monkey. He wants to be hailed as a god...Chin-Kee is the ultimate negative Chinese stereotype, and he s ruining his cousin Danny s life. Danny s a basketball player, a popular kid at school, but every year Chin-Kee comes to visit, and every year Danny has to transfer to a new school to escape the shame. This year, though, things quickly go from bad to worse...These three apparently unrelated tales come together with an unexpected twist, in a modern fable that is hilarious, poignant, and action-packed. American Born Chinese is an amazing ride, all the way up to the astonishing climax - and confirms what a growing number of readers already know: Gene Yang is a major talent.", 
    "format": "Paperback, 240pp", 
    "image": "33858942.JPG", 
    "isbn": "0312384483", 
    "isbn13": "9780312384487", 
    "listprice": "$8.99", 
    "price": "$8.99", 
    "pub_date": "December 2008", 
    "publisher": "Square Fish", 
    "rating": "4.5", 
    "review": "As alienated kids go, Jin Wang is fairly run-of-the-mill: he  eats lunch by himself in a corner of the schoolyard, gets picked  on by bullies and jocks and develops a sweat-inducing crush on a  pretty classmate. And, oh, yes, his parents are from Taiwan.  This much-anticipated, affecting story about growing up  different is more than just the story of a Chinese-American  childhood; it's a fable for every kid born into a body and a  life they wished they could escape. The fable is filtered  through some very specific cultural icons: the much-beloved  Monkey King, a figure familiar to Chinese kids the world over,  and a buck-toothed amalgamation of racist stereotypes named  Chin-Kee. Jin's hopes and humiliations might be mirrored in  Chin-Kee's destructive glee or the Monkey King's struggle to  come to terms with himself, but each character's expressions and  actions are always perfectly familiar. True to its origin as a  Web comic, this story's clear, concise lines and expert coloring  are deceptively simple yet expressive. Even when Yang slips in  an occasional Chinese ideogram or myth, the sentiments he's  depicting need no translation. Yang accomplishes the remarkable  feat of practicing what he preaches with this book: accept who  you are and you'll already have reached out to others. (Sept.)   Copyright 2006 Reed Business Information.", 
    "reviewer": "Publishers Weekly", 
    "subjects": [], 
    "title": "American Born Chinese", 
    "type": "Paperback(First Edition)"
}