{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Elizabeth Bard", 
    "description": "In Paris for a weekend visit, Elizabeth Bard sat down to lunch with a handsome Frenchman&#151;and never went home again. Was it love at first sight? Or was it the way her knife slid effortlessly through her pav&eacute; au poivre, the steak's pink juices puddling into the buttery pepper sauce? LUNCH IN PARIS is a memoir about a young American woman caught up in two passionate love affairs&#151;one with her new beau, Gwendal, the other with French cuisine. Packing her bags for a new life in the world's most romantic city, Elizabeth is plunged into a world of bustling open-air markets, hipster bistros, and size 2 femmes fatales. She learns to gut her first fish (with a little help from Jane Austen), soothe pangs of homesickness (with the rise of a chocolate souffl&eacute;) and develops a crush on her local butcher (who bears a striking resemblance to Matt Dillon). Elizabeth finds that the deeper she immerses herself in the world of French cuisine, the more Paris itself begins to translate. French culture, she discovers, is not unlike a well-ripened cheese-there may be a crusty exterior, until you cut through to the melting, piquant heart.Peppered with mouth-watering recipes for summer ratatouille, swordfish tartare and molten chocolate cakes, Lunch in Paris is a story of falling in love, redefining success and discovering what it truly means to be at home. In the delicious tradition of memoirs like A Year in Provence and Under...", 
    "format": "Paperback, 326pp", 
    "image": "84759551.JPG", 
    "isbn": "0316042781", 
    "isbn13": "9780316042789", 
    "listprice": "$13.99", 
    "price": "$8.22", 
    "pub_date": "February 2011", 
    "publisher": "Little, Brown & Company", 
    "rating": "4", 
    "review": "This memoir begins, 'I slept with my French husband halfway through our first date. I say halfway because we had finished lunch but not yet ordered coffee.' From that slightly dizzying takeoff, Lunch in Paris glides to numerous small landings, each of them punctuated by a recipe for a delicacy such as Zucchini Flowers Stuffed with Goat Cheese and Mint or Creamy Carrot Soup. Bard guides readers through her unplanned courtship, marriage, and continent-change with the grace of a Parisian lady which, of course, is what she has become. A Discover New Writers selection; now in paperback. (P.S. This edition contains a reader's guide, making it perfect for book clubs.)", 
    "reviewer": "From Barnes &amp; Noble", 
    "subjects": [
        {
            "name": "OverDrive"
        }, 
        {
            "name": "Biography & Autobiography"
        }, 
        {
            "name": "Nonfiction"
        }
    ], 
    "title": "Lunch in Paris: A Love Story, with Recipes", 
    "type": "Paperback"
}