{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "H. Leighton Steward,Morrison Bethea,Sam Andrews,Luis Balart", 
    "description": "WIN THE FIGHT AGAINST FAT&#8211;THE SUGAR BUSTERS!&#174; WAYWhen SUGAR BUSTERS! hit the shelves almost five years ago, it quickly became a diet and lifestyle phenomenon. The millions of people across the country on the SUGAR BUSTERS! plan discovered that by simply choosing the correct carbohydrates and lowering their sugar intake, they could shed the pounds they failed to lose with other diets. Now the weight-loss program that swept the nation has been completely revised and updated&#8211;incorporating all the newest nutritional findings, health statistics, and scientific studies, and featuring all-new, easy-to-follow recipes and meal plans.Among the wealth of new material in this edition, you&#8217;ll find amazing testimonials from men and women who are losing weight and feeling fit the SUGAR BUSTERS! way; frequently asked questions and helpful answers; the latest on diabetes&#8211;and how SUGAR BUSTERS! can help prevent it; essential facts on women, weight loss, and nutrition; and new tips, updated charts, and practical exercise suggestions.So arm yourself with thefactsand get thefigureyou&#8217;ve always wanted. When it comes to optimal wellness on the SUGAR BUSTERS! program, it&#8217;s survival of the fittest&#8211;a way of life in which everybodywins!", 
    "format": "Mass Market Paperback, 384pp", 
    "image": "13701672.JPG", 
    "isbn": "0345469585", 
    "isbn13": "9780345469588", 
    "listprice": "$7.99", 
    "price": "$7.99", 
    "pub_date": "December 2003", 
    "publisher": "Random House Publishing Group", 
    "rating": "4", 
    "review": "Ever heard of a fat caveman? Today's dieters should follow their ancestors' lead, proclaim the authors of this update to their bestselling original. For hundreds of thousands of years, the human diet consisted of unrefined foods that were high in fiber, low in sugar and low on the glycemic index. Eating similarly now-avoiding white flour, white potatoes, white rice, sugar, soft drinks and highly processed foods in general (the 'basic principles' of a diet that's been 'field-tested by the human digestive system throughout the eons')-will help people lose weight and keep it off, the authors argue. Their reasoning is sound (high blood sugar triggers the release of insulin, the 'fat-storage hormone' and the 'CEO of metabolism'; the less the body lives in fat storage mode, the better), and the lifestyle they propose is simple (though it goes beyond just chucking the 5-lb bag of Domino into the trash). Try eating six small meals a day, don't eat after 8 p.m.; read the labels of all breads and cereals to find the hidden sugars and stock your refrigerator with vegetables and lean meats, the authors say. In chapters that are straightforward and focused, the authors consider childhood obesity and diabetes, discuss artificial sweeteners and alcohol, offer recipes from restaurants around the country and answer FAQs from Sugar Busters everywhere. For those with the willpower to cut out the convenience foods, this will be a helpful guide to eating better. (Jan.)   Copyright 2003 Cahners Business Information.", 
    "reviewer": "Publishers Weekly", 
    "subjects": [], 
    "title": "The New Sugar Busters!", 
    "type": "Paperback(Mass Market Paperback)"
}