{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Jamie Deen,Bobby Deen,Melissa Clark", 
    "description": "Hungry for the great outdoors? Jamie and Bobby Deen know just what to make&mdash;whether it&rsquo;s in your own backyard, on the beach, at a potluck picnic, or tailgating before the big game. In The Deen Bros. Get Fired Up, Paula Deen&rsquo;s sons share a new batch of more than 125 mouthwatering recipes and entertaining ideas to make your outdoor dining a breeze.Jamie and Bobby have always preferred eating at a picnic table to a dining room. For the guys, backyard grilling means more good eats and less mess, tailgating is all about friendship and fun, and a beach picnic is a chance to splash around in the sun between courses. Now the brothers are sharing their outdoor cooking know-how to help you wow your friends and family with everything from grilled meats and barbecue to sandwiches, pizzas, and smoky sides. This irresistible cookbook also offers up delicious nibbles, tasty salads, and refreshing Seaside Sippers. Featuring ingredients easily found at your local supermarket, these effortless dishes are made even more special with the Deen brothers&rsquo; signature Southern flare.Fire up the grill for some Beer Can Chicken with Sweet and Spicy Pickled Vidalia Onions, Big Fat Garlicky Rib Eye, and Down-Home Baby Back Ribs. Whip up Hot Buffalo Burgers with Blue Cheese or Nutty Pimiento Cheese Balls in the parking lot before the game. Spread out the picnic blanket for some Red-Hot Mayo and Tomato Sandwiches, NOLA-Style Dirty Rice Salad, or Southern Biscuit Cheese...", 
    "format": "Hardcover, 224pp", 
    "image": "95085554.JPG", 
    "isbn": "0345513630", 
    "isbn13": "9780345513632", 
    "listprice": "$25.00", 
    "price": "$14.70", 
    "pub_date": "April 2011", 
    "publisher": "Random House Publishing Group", 
    "rating": "0", 
    "review": "Whether it's a backyard barbecue or a pregame tailgating party, nothing quite equals the joy of outdoor eating. As the sons of Georgia cooking legend Paula Deen, Jamie and Bobby Deen grew up in the lap of Southern grilling culture, so it's not surprising that their own cookbooks roll out course after course of mouthwatering good eats. This grilling and picnicking book contains sunny day specials including Down-Home Baby Back Ribs; Grilled Crab Cake Sammies; Big Fat Garlicky Rib Eye; Fire-Roasted Clams and Mussels; and Beer Can Chicken with Sweet and Spicy Pickled Vidalia Onions. The recipes include grilled meats, barbecue treats, sandwiches, pizzas, sides, and drinks.", 
    "reviewer": "From Barnes &amp; Noble", 
    "title": "The Deen Bros. Get Fired Up: Grilling, Tailgating, Picnicking, and More", 
    "type": "Hardcover"
}