{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Steve Berry", 
    "description": "Four United States presidents have been assassinated&mdash;in 1865, 1881, 1901, and 1963&mdash;each murder seemingly unrelated and separated by time.But what if those presidents were all killed for the same reason&#58; a clause in the United States Constitution&mdash;contained within Article 1, Section 8&mdash;that would shock Americans?&#160;This question is what faces former Justice Department operative Cotton Malone in his latest adventure. &#160;When a bold assassination attempt is made against President Danny Daniels in the heart of Manhattan, Malone risks his life to foil the killing&mdash;only to find himself at dangerous odds with the Commonwealth, a secret society of pirates first assembled during the American Revolution. In their most perilous exploit yet, Malone and Cassiopeia Vitt race across the nation and take to the high seas. Along the way they break a secret cipher originally possessed by Thomas Jefferson, unravel a mystery concocted by Andrew Jackson, and unearth a centuries-old document forged by the Founding Fathers themselves, one powerful enough&mdash;thanks to that clause in the Constitution&mdash;to make the Commonwealth unstoppable.From the Hardcover edition.", 
    "format": "Hardcover, 480pp", 
    "image": "97502282.JPG", 
    "isbn": "0345505514", 
    "isbn13": "9780345505514", 
    "listprice": "$26.00", 
    "price": "$14.94", 
    "pub_date": "May 2011", 
    "publisher": "Random House Publishing Group", 
    "rating": "4", 
    "review": "At the start of Berry's ingeniously plotted seventh Cotton Malone novel (after The Emperor's Tomb), former U.S. Justice Department agent Malone, who's been summoned to New York City by his old boss, Stephanie Nelle, manages to thwart an attempt to assassinate the U.S. president outside a midtown Manhattan hotel. Malone soon finds himself in the middle of a power struggle with roots in presidential history. A cipher formulated by Thomas Jefferson and employed by Andrew Jackson has been unbroken for 175 years. Documents hidden by Jackson contain the key to the legitimacy&mdash;and the wealth and power&mdash;of the Commonwealth, a coalition of privateers or pirates dating from the American Revolution. Malone and his lover, Cassiopeia Vitt, must match wits and survival skills with several formidable foes, including rogue agent Jonathan Wyatt and Quartermaster Clifford Knox of the Commonwealth. Berry offers plenty of twists and vivid action scenes in a feast of historical imagination. Author tour. (May)", 
    "reviewer": "Publishers Weekly", 
    "title": "The Jefferson Key", 
    "type": "Hardcover"
}