{
    "age_range": "6 to 8", 
    "author": "Mary Pope Osborne,Sal Murdocca(Illustrator)", 
    "description": "Get ready for a world of adventure with the first four titles in the beloved Magic Tree House series!Jack and his little sister Annie are just two regular kids from Frog Creek, Pennsylvania. Then they discover a mysterious tree house packed with all sorts of books...and their lives are never the same! Soon they are traveling through time and space in themagictree house and having amazing adventures. Whether it's watching baby dinosaurs hatch, finding a secret passage in a castle, helping a ghost queen in an Egyptian pyramid, or finding pirate treasure readers won't want to miss a single story!", 
    "format": "Paperback, 125pp", 
    "image": "45405660.JPG", 
    "isbn": "0375813659", 
    "isbn13": "9780375813658", 
    "listprice": "$15.96", 
    "price": "$11.06", 
    "pub_date": "May 2001", 
    "publisher": "Random House Children's Books", 
    "rating": "4", 
    "review": "Introduce your child to the magic of reading! This fabulous box set features the first four books in the renowned Magic Tree House chapter book series. These fantastic books revolve around eight-year-old Jack and his sister Annie, who stumble upon a magic tree house filled with books that transports them back in time to the places described in the books.In Book 1,Dinosaurs Before Dark, the mysterious tree house whisks Jack and Annie back to the prehistoric past. Can they figure out how to get home before dark...or will they become a dinosaur's dinner? In Book 2,The Knight at Dawn, the Magic Tree House sends the siblings back to the Middle Ages for another wild adventure -- this time, in a storybook castle. InMummies in the Morning(Book 3), Jack and Annie find themselves in ancient Egypt. There, they meet a long-dead queen who needs their help. Will Jack and Annie be able to solve the puzzle, or will they end up as mummies themselves? And in Book 4,Pirates Past Noon, the Magic Tree House transports Jack and Annie back to the days of deserted islands and nasty pirates. Will they discover buried treasure? Or will they walk the plank? Filled with fun and fast-paced adventure, the books are all great reads...andthey're educational!", 
    "reviewer": "From Barnes &amp; Noble", 
    "subjects": [], 
    "title": "Magic Tree House Boxed Set: Books 1 - 4 (Magic Tree House Series)", 
    "type": "Paperback(Books 1 - 4)"
}