{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Danielle Steel", 
    "description": "A magical transformation takes place in Danielle Steel&rsquo;s luminous new novel&#58; strangers become roommates, roommates become friends, and friends become a family in a turn-of-the-century house in Manhattan&rsquo;s West Village.&#160;The plumbing was prone to leaks, the furniture rescued from garage sales. And every square inch was being devotedly restored to its original splendor&mdash;even as a relationship fell to pieces. Now Francesca Thayer, newly separated from her lawyer boyfriend Todd, is desperate. The owner of a struggling art gallery, and suddenly the sole mortgage payer on her Greenwich Village townhouse, Francesca does the math and then the unimaginable. She puts out an advertisement for boarders. Soon her house becomes a whole new world.First comes Eileen, a fresh, pretty L.A. transplant, now a New York City schoolteacher. Then there&rsquo;s Chris, a young father struggling with a troubled ex-wife and the challenge of parenting a seven-year-old son who visits every other weekend. The final tenant is Marya, a celebrated cookbook author hoping to start a new chapter in her life after the death of her husband. As Francesca&rsquo;s art gallery begins to find its footing and Todd moves on to another woman, she discovers that her accidental tenants have become the most important people in her life.As the roommates bond, and the house fills with the aroma of Marya&rsquo;s exquisite cuisine, there are shadows as well as light. Na&iuml;ve Eileen...", 
    "format": "Hardcover, 336pp", 
    "image": "73505970.JPG", 
    "isbn": "0385343140", 
    "isbn13": "9780385343145", 
    "listprice": "$28.00", 
    "price": "$16.96", 
    "pub_date": "April 2011", 
    "publisher": "Random House Publishing Group", 
    "rating": "3.5", 
    "review": "Art dealer Francesca Thayer owns a house in Manhattan's West Village that, like much of her life, is in chronic need of repair. When her boyfriend and business partner deserts her, she realizes that drastic measures are required to save dilapidated 44 Charles Street and get her life back on the rails. As a risky first step, she decides to take boarders into her beloved home. It turns out that these strangers too have problems, but as Danielle Steel's absorbing ensemble novel demonstrates, misery doesn't just love company; company cures misery. A heartwarming, entertaining read from one of the bestselling authors of all time&#58; 800 million copies and counting!", 
    "reviewer": "From Barnes &amp; Noble", 
    "subjects": [
        {
            "name": "Boardinghouses"
        }, 
        {
            "name": "Fiction"
        }
    ], 
    "title": "44 Charles Street", 
    "type": "Hardcover"
}