{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "T\u00e9a Obreht", 
    "description": "Weaving a brilliant latticework of family legend, loss, and love, T&eacute;a Obreht, the youngest of The New Yorker&rsquo;s twenty best American fiction writers under forty, has spun a timeless novel that will establish her as one of the most vibrant, original authors of her generation.In a Balkan country mending from years of conflict, Natalia, a young doctor, arrives on a mission of mercy at an orphanage by the sea. By the time she and her lifelong friend Z&oacute;ra begin to inoculate the children there, she feels age-old superstitions and secrets gathering everywhere around her. Secrets her outwardly cheerful hosts have chosen not to tell her. Secrets involving the strange family digging for something in the surrounding vineyards. Secrets hidden in the landscape itself.But Natalia is also confronting a private, hurtful mystery of her own&#58; the inexplicable circumstances surrounding her beloved grandfather&rsquo;s recent death. After telling her grandmother that he was on his way to meet Natalia, he instead set off for a ramshackle settlement none of their family had ever heard of and died there alone. A famed physician, her grandfather must have known that he was too ill to travel. Why he left home becomes a riddle Natalia is compelled to unravel.&#160;Grief struck and searching for clues to her grandfather&rsquo;s final state of mind, she turns to the stories he told her when she was a child. On their weeklytrips to the zoo he would read to her...", 
    "format": "Hardcover, 352pp", 
    "image": "101179706.JPG", 
    "isbn": "0385343833", 
    "isbn13": "9780385343831", 
    "listprice": "$25.00", 
    "price": "$14.81", 
    "pub_date": "March 2011", 
    "publisher": "Random House Publishing Group", 
    "rating": "3.5", 
    "review": "&#8230;Obreht juxtaposes Natalia's matter-of-fact narration with contemporary folk tales that are as simple, enthralling and sometimes brutal as fables by Kipling or Dinesen&#8230;she did not live in the former Yugoslavia during the war-torn years this book revisits. Filled with astonishing immediacy and presence, fleshed out with detail that seems firsthand,The Tiger's Wifeis all the more remarkable for being the product not of observation but of imagination. For Obreht, the mind's witness is more than equal to the eye's. And her narrator, in retelling the experiences of her grandfather's generation, enfolds them into her own. As his vision joins hers, old and new memories collide in a vibrant collage that has no date, no dateline.", 
    "reviewer": "The New York Times Book Review - Liesl  Schillinger", 
    "subjects": [], 
    "title": "The Tiger's Wife", 
    "type": "Hardcover"
}