{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "David Ignatius", 
    "description": "Someone in Pakistan is killing the members of a new CIA intelligence unit that is trying to buy peace with America's enemies. It falls to Sophie Marx, a young CIA officer with a big chip on her shoulder, to figure out who's doing the killing and why. Her starting point is Alphabet Capital, the London hedge fund that has been providing cover for this secret operation, but the investigation soon widens to include the capitals of the Middle East and the cruel hills of South Waziristan.Sophie thinks she has the backing of her hard-nosed boss, Jeffrey Gertz, and his genial mentor at headquarters, Cyril Hoffman. In addition, she gets help from the well-mannered lieutenant general heading Pakistan's Inter-Services Intelligence Directorate. But the closer Sophie gets to her quarry, the more she realizes that nothing in this gallery of mirrors is quite what it seems. This is a theater of violence and retribution, in which the last act is one that Sophie could not have imagined.David Ignatius has written a disturbing and compelling novel where the price of unchecked government is paid in blood, and peace can be bought only through betrayal.", 
    "format": "Hardcover, 372pp", 
    "image": "114115581.JPG", 
    "isbn": "0393078116", 
    "isbn13": "9780393078114", 
    "listprice": "$25.95", 
    "price": "$15.12", 
    "pub_date": "June 2011", 
    "publisher": "Norton, W. W. & Company, Inc.", 
    "rating": "4", 
    "review": "Although her last outing nearly got her killed, CIA field operative Sophie Marx is eager to get out of the office again. She gets her chance with a dangerous assignment&#58; She's charged with tracking down the source of a leak that has gotten four agents killed. What she uncovers leads to Pakistan and Afghanistan, but also to a wheeler-dealer on her own side. Once again, David Ignatius (Body of Lies; The Increment) delivers the goods with a realistic foreign intrigue thriller.", 
    "reviewer": "From Barnes &amp; Noble", 
    "title": "Bloodmoney", 
    "type": "Hardcover"
}