{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Kathryn Stockett", 
    "description": "Be prepared to meet three unforgettable women:Twenty-two-year-old Skeeter has just returned home after graduating from Ole Miss. She may have a degree, but it is 1962, Mississippi, and her mother will not be happy till Skeeter has a ring on her finger. Skeeter would normally find solace with her beloved maid Constantine, the woman who raised her, but Constantine has disappeared and no one will tell Skeeter where she has gone.Aibileen is a black maid, a wise, regal woman raising her seventeenth white child. Something has shifted inside her after the loss of her own son, who died while his bosses looked the other way. She is devoted to the little girl she looks after, though she knows both their hearts may be broken.Minny, Aibileen's best friend, is short, fat, and perhaps the sassiest woman in Mississippi. She can cook like nobody's business, but she can't mind her tongue, so she's lost yet another job. Minny finally finds a position working for someone too new to town to know her reputation. But her new boss has secrets of her own.Seemingly as different from one another as can be, these women will nonetheless come together for a clandestine project that will put them all at risk. And why? Because they are suffocating within the lines that define their town and their times. And sometimes lines are made to be crossed.In pitch-perfect voices, Kathryn Stockett creates three extraordinary womenwhose determination to start a movement...", 
    "format": "Paperback, 544pp", 
    "image": "90350802.JPG", 
    "isbn": "0425232204", 
    "isbn13": "9780425232200", 
    "listprice": "$16.00", 
    "price": "$8.98", 
    "pub_date": "April 2011", 
    "publisher": "Penguin Group (USA)", 
    "rating": "4.5", 
    "review": "Barnes & Noble Discover Great New WritersIf you've enjoyed the southern charm of Fannie Flagg orThe Secret Life of Bees,you'll findThe Helpa delight. Miss Eugenia Phelan ('Skeeter' to her friends) is a young woman of privilege who enjoys her fellow Junior Leaguers but sometimes finds their ways at odds with her own principles. She plays the part of her station in 1960s Mississippi but can't help feeling dissatisfied with keeping house and acting as recording secretary at league meetings, and yearns for something more.Minny, Miss Celia, Aibileen, and Yule May are maids employed by Skeeter's friends. Each woman cooks, cleans, and cares for her boss's children, suffering slights and insults silently and sharing household\r\nsecrets only among themselves. In the wake of the Junior League push to create separate bathrooms for the domestic help within private homes, Skeeter contacts a New York book editor with an idea. Soon she's conducting clandestine meetings\r\nwith 'the help' to capture their stories for publication. It is a daring and foolhardy plan, one certain to endanger not only the positions but the lives of the very women whose stories she transcribes -- as well as her own.Stockett is a wonderful novelist, andThe Helpis a charming, thoughtful novel about women finding their voices, and the truths we see when we have the courage to look unflinchingly into the mirror.\r\n(Spring 2009 Selection)", 
    "reviewer": "From Barnes &amp; Noble", 
    "title": "The Help", 
    "type": "Paperback"
}