{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "BH&G; Editors,Jennifer Darling", 
    "description": "Featuring over 1200 recipes--600 of them brand new--theBetter Homes and Gardens New Cook Bookhas been newly revised and updated, making American's favorite cookbook even more indispensable than ever. This Eleventh Edition is written specifically for the today's health-conscious cooks who are leading hectic and busy lives. With menu planning, cooking tips on low-fat and no-fat meals, and a guide to cooking terms, techniques and helpful hints from the Better Homes and Gardens Test Kitchen, this is a sourcebook for all who find themselves in the kitchen. TheNew Cook Bookcovers everything from cooking basics to canning and freezing, breads and cakes to fish and shellfish, and meat and poultry to soups and stews. There are recipes for sauces and relishes, and sumptuous cookies and desserts. In addition there is a new chapters on Beans, Rice and Grains and a special chapter on Grilling.Many of the recipes are designed for cooks on the go and preparation and cooking times are included for each recipe. Moreover, nutritional information is given for each recipes, and those low fat and no fat recipes are highlighted.For generations, novices and experienced cooks alike have relied on theBetter Homes and Gardens New Cook Bookfor recipes that combine excellent flavor, ease of preparation, and balanced nutrition. Now completely revised and updated, America's bestselling cookbook promises to continue that tradition,", 
    "format": "Mass Market Paperback, 1168pp", 
    "image": "13780538.JPG", 
    "isbn": "0553577956", 
    "isbn13": "9780553577952", 
    "listprice": "$8.99", 
    "price": "$8.99", 
    "pub_date": "November 1997", 
    "publisher": "Random House Publishing Group", 
    "rating": "3", 
    "review": "Versions of theBetter Homes and Gardens Cookbookhave been pleasing and educating families for over 70 years. Perhaps our palates are more sophisticated and our nutritional sense more developed these days, but theBH&G; Cookbookhas remained a top seller and a family favorite. The new edition, the 12th, helps explain why. This loose-leaf classic includes the charts and sidebars and glossaries that Mom and Dad loved, but also hundreds of all-new, kitchen-tested recipes and new information on kitchen appliances and equipment.", 
    "reviewer": "From Barnes &amp; Noble", 
    "subjects": [], 
    "title": "Better Homes and Gardens New Cook Book", 
    "type": "Paperback(Mass Market Paperback Revised)"
}