{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "George R. R. Martin", 
    "description": "GAME OF THRONES&#58; A NEW ORIGINAL SERIES, NOW ON HBO.Here is the third volume in George R. R. Martin&rsquo;s magnificent cycle of novels that includes A Game of Thrones and A Clash of Kings. As a whole, this series comprises a genuine masterpiece of modern fantasy, bringing together the best the genre has to offer. Magic, mystery, intrigue, romance, and adventure fill these pages and transport us to a world unlike any we have ever experienced. Already hailed as a classic, George R. R. Martin&rsquo;s stunning series is destined to stand as one of the great achievements of imaginative fiction.A STORM OF SWORDSOf the five contenders for power, one is dead, another in disfavor, and still the wars rage as violently as ever, as alliances are made and broken. Joffrey, of House Lannister, sits on the Iron Throne, the uneasy ruler of the land of the Seven Kingdoms. His most bitter rival, Lord Stannis, stands defeated and disgraced, the victim of the jealous sorceress who holds him in her evil thrall. But young Robb, of House Stark, still rules the North from the fortress of Riverrun. Robb plots against his despised Lannister enemies, even as they hold his sister hostage at King&rsquo;s Landing, the seat of the Iron Throne. Meanwhile, making her way across a blood-drenched continent is the exiled queen, Daenerys, mistress of the only three dragons still left in the world. . . .But as opposing forces maneuver for the final titanic showdown, an army...", 
    "format": "Mass Market Paperback, 1216pp", 
    "image": "98654229.JPG", 
    "isbn": "055357342X", 
    "isbn13": "9780553573428", 
    "listprice": "$8.99", 
    "price": "$8.99", 
    "pub_date": "March 2003", 
    "publisher": "Random House Publishing Group", 
    "rating": "4.5", 
    "review": "Our ReviewGeorge R. R. Martin's Game ContinuesIn 1996,A Game of Thronesearned praise and awe as a remarkable high fantasy introducing five noble families clashing for power over the wondrous Seven Kingdoms. Three years later,A Clash of Kingsbecame a national bestseller with the continued chronicles of the royal houses of Targaryen, Baratheon, Lannister, Stark, and Greyjoy, each battling to keep or carve a kingdom. George R. R. Martin will draw a new legion of fans withA Storm of Swords,the third novel in his beloved fantasy series A Song of Ice and Fire.Fourteen-year-old exiled queen Daenerys Targaryen raises an army like a fantasy-world Joan of Arc, but the fire is on her side, for she walks with dragons. Determined to claim the Iron Throne from which her father had ruled until he was slain by Prince Jaime Lannister, Daenerys walks a gauntlet of  treacherous slavers and sorcerers.The war between Lannisters and Baratheons that concludedA Clash of Kingshas not ended. Clever Tyrion Lannister, called the Imp for his short and crippled stature, struggles to retain his honor and authority as his father, Lord Tywin, and his elder sister, Cersei, as beautiful and evil as the witch Circe ofThe Odyssey, turn every hand against him. Though he longs\r\nonly to live with his loving mistress, Shae, Tyrion's desires are as cruelly thwarted as those of young Sansa Stark, who once loved the immature, sadistic King Joffrey Lannister and who seeks to escape.With noble Lord Stark executed for treason, his family is scattered. Lady Catelyn counsels her valiant son Robb, the King in the North, to seek not revenge but justice as he makes war against the Lannisters. Tomboy Arya is afoot in the wilderness, having lost both her pet wolf and her sword, though gaining surprising new friends, and young Bran Stark learns he has a latent and peculiar magical talent.Jon Snow, bastard son of Stark and a Brother of the Night's Watch, treads the most perilous path of all. Ordered on an undercover mission north of the great Wall to discover the plans of the renegade Mance Rayder, he finds not only a powerful army raised to invade the Kingdoms but also terrifying supernatural creatures in pursuit, of which giants and shape-changers are by no means the deadliest.Book Three of A Song of Ice and Fire is inexpressibly rich in both humor and horror.A Storm of Swordsis eerily atmospheric, with tales of old hauntings, dreams of bad omen, the writhing air of ghosts, and ruins. Martin's gift for imagining histories within histories, fables and superstitions, marvelous geographies, and the secrets of the heart is so enthralling that no reader can possibly be satisfied until the next chapter of the saga appears.--Fiona KelleghanFiona Kelleghan is a librarian at the University of Miami. Book reviews editor for theJournal of the Fantastic in the Arts,she has written reviews and articles forScience-Fiction Studies, Extrapolation, The New York Review of Science Fiction, Science Fiction Research Association Review, Nova Express, St. James Guide to Science Fiction Writers, Magill's Guide to Science Fiction and Fantasy Literature, Neil Barron's Fantasy and Horror: A Critical and Historical Guide, Contemporary Novelists, 7th Edition,andAmerican Women Writers.Her bookMike Resnick: An Annotated Bibliography and Guide to His Workwas published by Alexander Books in 2000.", 
    "reviewer": "From Barnes &amp; Noble", 
    "subjects": [
        {
            "name": "New York Times bestseller"
        }, 
        {
            "name": "nyt:mass_market_paperback=2011-04-23"
        }
    ], 
    "title": "A Storm of Swords (A Song of Ice and Fire #3)", 
    "type": "Paperback(Mass Market Paperback Reissue)"
}