{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Pauline Maier", 
    "description": "When the delegates left the Constitutional Convention in Philadelphia in September 1787, the new Constitution they had written was no more than a proposal. Elected conventions in at least nine of the thirteen states would have to ratify it before it could take effect. There was reason to doubt whether that would happen. The document we revere today as the foundation of our country&#8217;s laws, the cornerstone of our legal system, was hotly disputed at the time. Some Americans denounced the Constitution for threatening the liberty that Americans had won at great cost in the Revolutionary War. One group of fiercely patriotic opponents even burned the document in a raucous public demonstration on the Fourth of July. In this splendid new history, Pauline Maier tells the dramatic story of the yearlong battle over ratification that brought such famous founders as Washington, Hamilton, Madison, Jay, and Henry together with less well-known Americans who sometimes eloquently and always passionately expressed their hopes and fears for their new country. Men argued in taverns and coffeehouses; women joined the debate in their parlors; broadsides and newspaper stories advocated various points of view and excoriated others. In small towns and counties across the country people read the document carefully and knew it well. Americans seized the opportunity to play a role in shaping the new nation. Then the ratifying conventions chosen by 'We the People' scrutinized and debated the Constitution...", 
    "format": "Hardcover, 589pp", 
    "image": "95331036.JPG", 
    "isbn": "0684868547", 
    "isbn13": "9780684868547", 
    "listprice": "$30.00", 
    "price": "$18.90", 
    "pub_date": "October 2010", 
    "publisher": "Simon & Schuster Children's Publishing", 
    "rating": "4", 
    "review": "The debates over and ratification of the U.S. Constitution in 1787-1788 have been described as 'the first great stroke of popular democracy in America and perhaps its most successful and momentous as well.' Yet this process, however seminal, has never been recounted in full, resplendent detail. M.I.T. history professor Pauline Maier fills that embarrassing gap with this dramatic narrative, which has already been hailed as 'a scrupulously even-handed presentation based on impressive scholarship. Editor's recommendation.", 
    "reviewer": "From Barnes &amp; Noble", 
    "subjects": [
        {
            "name": "Constitutional history"
        }
    ], 
    "title": "Ratification: The People Debate the Constitution, 1787-1788", 
    "type": "Hardcover"
}