{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Patrick Rothfuss", 
    "description": "I have stolen princesses back from sleeping barrow kings. I burned down the town of Trebon. I have spent the night with Felurian and left with both my sanity and my life. I was expelled from the University at a younger age than most people are allowed in. I tread paths by moonlight that others fear to speak of during day. I have talked to Gods, loved women, and written songs that make the minstrels weep.You may have heard of me.So begins the tale of Kvothe-from his childhood in a troupe of traveling players, to years spent as a near-feral orphan in a crime-riddled city, to his daringly brazen yet successful bid to enter a difficult and dangerous school of magic. In these pages you will come to know Kvothe as a notorious magician, an accomplished thief, a masterful musician, and an infamous assassin. ButThe Name Of The Windis so much more-for the story it tells reveals the truth behind Kvothe's legend.", 
    "format": "Mass Market Paperback, 736pp", 
    "image": "25446595.JPG", 
    "isbn": "0756404746", 
    "isbn13": "9780756404741", 
    "listprice": "$8.99", 
    "price": "$8.99", 
    "pub_date": "April 2008", 
    "publisher": "Penguin Group (USA)", 
    "rating": "5", 
    "review": "The Barnes & Noble ReviewThe debut novel from Patrick Rothfuss -- the first installment of an epic fantasy trilogy entitled the Kingkiller Chronicle -- not only lives up to its extraordinary pre-press hype (DAW president Elizabeth Wollheim called it 'the most brilliant first fantasy novel I have read in over 30 years as an editor'), it surpasses it. When fantasy fans begin reading The Name of the Wind, they should be fully prepared to lose all contact with the outside world while immersed in this highly original and mesmerizing tale of magic, love, and adventure.The story revolves around Kvothe, an enigmatic red-haired innkeeper who, as he shares his incredible life story with a renowned scribe, turns out to be much more than he appears. Born into a family of nomadic court performers, Kvothe's unconventional education was broadened by spending time with fellow travelers like Abenthy, an elderly arcanist whose knowledge included, among other things, knowing the name of the wind. After his parents are brutally murdered by mythical beings known as the Chandrian, Kvothe vows to learn more about the godlike group, and after suffering through years of homelessness, he finally gets his chance when he is admitted into the prestigious University. But the pursuit of arcane knowledge brings with it unforeseen dangers, as the young student quickly learnsWith the release of his first novel, Rothfuss (who has already been compared to the likes of Terry Goodkind, Robert Jordan, and George R.&nbsp;R. Martin) is poised to be crowned the new king of epic fantasy. The Name of the Wind won't just impress longtime fantasy fans; it will absolutely blow them away -- an unprecedented, utterly breathtaking storytelling tour de force.Paul Goat Allen", 
    "reviewer": "From Barnes &amp; Noble", 
    "subjects": [
        {
            "name": "OverDrive"
        }, 
        {
            "name": "Fantasy"
        }, 
        {
            "name": "Fiction"
        }
    ], 
    "title": "The Name of the Wind (Kingkiller Chronicles Series #1)", 
    "type": "Paperback(Mass Market Paperback Reprint)"
}