{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Robert Jordan", 
    "description": "The Wheel of Time turns, and Ages come and pass. What was, what will be, and what is, may yet fall under the shadow.  Let the Dragon ride again on the winds of time.", 
    "format": "Mass Market Paperback, 400pp", 
    "image": "13783153.JPG", 
    "isbn": "0765345455", 
    "isbn13": "9780765345455", 
    "listprice": "$6.99", 
    "price": "$6.92", 
    "pub_date": "June 2005", 
    "publisher": "Doherty, Tom Associates, LLC", 
    "rating": "3.5", 
    "review": "The Barnes & Noble ReviewIn 1998, Robert Jordan tantalized millions of Wheel of Time fans with a bite-sized literary appetizer when he published the novella 'New Spring,' a prequel to his epic ten-volume saga, in the heraldedLegendsanthology. Now comes the mouthwatering three-course meal -- the much-expanded version about the prophecy that started it all.Set approximately two decades before the events of the first book in the series, the story focuses on two characters: Lan Mandragoran, the uncrowned warrior king of a nation that no longer exists, and Moiraine Damodred, a young Accepted soon to become an Aes Sedai (one of an elite group of powerful and often dangerous women who can channel the One Power). As Lan and his fellow soldiers drive the invading clans of black-veiled Aiel back across the Spine of the World, a blood-chilling prophecy is foretold by a dying Aes Sedai. 'He is born again! The Dragon takes his first breath on the slopes of Dragonmount! He is coming! Light help us! Light help the world!' The birth of this child is both terrifying and wondrous in its implications. The birth means the Dark One will break free again, for the child is fated to face the Dark One in Tarmon Gai'don, the Last Battle. He could save the world -- or destroy it forever.Although Wheel of Time followers will undoubtedly make this novel an international bestseller, the appeal ofNew Springis even wider in scope because of its status as the prequel to one of the bestselling fantasy series of all time. This is not only a must-read book for longtime fans of the saga but also a perfect place for new fans to begin their epic literary journey on the ever turning Wheel of Time.Paul Goat Allen", 
    "reviewer": "From Barnes &amp; Noble", 
    "subjects": [], 
    "title": "New Spring (Wheel of Time Series)", 
    "type": "Paperback(Mass Market Paperback Revised by Author)"
}