{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "J. V. Jones", 
    "description": "HIGH ADVENTURE ON THE SWORD EDGE OF DESTINYAs a newborn Ash March was abandoned&#151;left for dead at the foot of a frozen mountain. Found and raised by the Penthero Iss, the mighty Surlord of Spire Vanis, she has always known she is different. Terrible dreams plague her and sometimes in the darkness she hears dread voices from another world. Iss watches her as she grows to womanhood, eager to discover what powers his ward might possess. As his interest quickens, he sends his living blade, Marafice Eye, to guard her night and day.Raif Sevrance, a young man of Clan Blackhail, also knows he is different, with uncanny abilities that distance him from the clan. But when he and his brother survive an ambush that plunges the entire Northern Territories into war, he yet seeks justice for his own . . . even if means he must forsake clan and kin.Ash and Raif must learn to master their powers and accept their joint fate if they are to defeat an ancient prophecy and prevent the release of the pure evil known as the End Lords.", 
    "format": "Mass Market Paperback, 792pp", 
    "image": "14634954.JPG", 
    "isbn": "076534551X", 
    "isbn13": "9780765345516", 
    "listprice": "$7.99", 
    "price": "$7.91", 
    "pub_date": "February 2005", 
    "publisher": "Doherty, Tom Associates, LLC", 
    "rating": "4.5", 
    "review": "The first volume of Jones's (The Barbed Coil, etc.) new trilogy is set in a sub-arctic land so vividly realized that it contributes notably to the book's suspense and emotional impact--even as it almost overpowers its characters. Ashd March, the adopted daughter of a nobleman; Raif and Dray Sevrance, two accomplished archers; and Angus Lok, a once formidable warrior, are becoming increasingly aware, through alarming signs--a camp of murdered men, a recurring nightmare of ice and blood, an ominous call to arms--of a magical evil coming their way. The destinies of these four, particularly of Ash and Raif, become progressively entwined, even entangled, as the novel lumbers toward its inconclusive ending. Throughout, Jones skillfully mixes bits borrowed from history, folklore, religion (her shamans are particularly well done) and other fantasy works, but her attention to these details and her determination to introduce every element of her trilogy at once slow the pacing and sometimes create more confusion than clarity. Nonetheless, Jones has a real gift for evocative description, and the novel will satisfy most saga lovers. Agent, Russ Galen.", 
    "reviewer": "Publishers Weekly", 
    "subjects": [], 
    "title": "A Cavern of Black Ice (Sword of Shadows Series #1)", 
    "type": "Paperback(Mass Market Paperback Reprint)"
}