{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Eric Van Lustbader", 
    "description": "It was once said that you must trust and believe in people or life becomes impossible . . . Alli Carson has been through her own personal hell. With her father, the President of the United States, recently dead and her mother in a coma from a terrible accident, she has poured herself into her training to become one of the best FBI agents at the Fearington Institute. Her inspiration and solace comes from the one man with whom she has ever felt a kinship, National Security Adviser, Jack McClure. But when Alli becomes the prime suspect in a murder at Fearington, a wide ranging investigation is triggered, involving local homicide detectives,&#160; the secret service, the FBI itself, and Alli&#8217;s own uncle, the billionaire lobbyist Henry Carson.&#160; And yet nothing is what it seems.What follows is a treacherous journey that leads Jack and Alli into a complex web of lies and deceit. Using Jack&#8217;s unique gifts to see the through the labyrinth of manipulation, their investigation leads them into the dark heart of the international slave trade, tied to a powerful Albanian crime lord whose ability and influence in global terrorism grows with each day. The two find themselves in the crosshairs of vast global enterprise, one that lurks in the shadows of power and has infiltrated Washington and their lives in ways neither of them could ever have imagined. And hidden deep among it all sits a terrifying criminal mastermind, someone fueled by a hatred that can never...", 
    "format": "Hardcover, 416pp", 
    "image": "102048006.JPG", 
    "isbn": "0765329743", 
    "isbn13": "9780765329745", 
    "listprice": "$25.99", 
    "price": "$25.86", 
    "pub_date": "May 2011", 
    "publisher": "Doherty, Tom Associates, LLC", 
    "rating": "2.5", 
    "review": "In Lustbader's long-winded third McClure-Carson novel (after Last Snow), dyslexic Homeland Security agent Jack McClure sets out to save 23-year-old Alli Carson, whom he rescued in the first book, First Daughter, after she's accused of murdering her boyfriend. Meanwhile, Alli, who's training to be an FBI special ops agent, must escape from the clutches of her villainous uncle, Henry Holt Carson, who has ties to a lengthy list of criminals engaged in dirty deeds ranging from a burgeoning trade in sex slaves to causing the recent financial meltdown in the U.S. The plot twists and turns as various characters turn out to be related to one another and willing to double-cross and kill with abandon. Series fans will find plenty of backstory to savor, but newcomers are advised to start with First Daughter and work, with the emphasis on the word work, their way up to this one. (May)", 
    "reviewer": "Publishers Weekly", 
    "title": "Blood Trust", 
    "type": "Hardcover(First Edition)"
}