{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Deanna Raybourn", 
    "description": "These ominous words, slashed from the pages of a book of Psalms, are the last threat that the darling of London society, Sir Edward Grey, receives from his killer. Before he can show them to Nicholas Brisbane, the private inquiry agent he has retained for his protection, Sir Edward collapses and dies at his London home, in the presence of his wife, Julia, and a roomful of dinner guests.Prepared to accept that Edward's death was due to a long-standing physical infirmity, Julia is outraged when Brisbane visits and suggests that Sir Edward has been murdered. It is a reaction she comes to regret when she discovers the damning paper for herself, and realizes the truth.Determined to bring her husband's murderer to justice, Julia engages the enigmatic Brisbane to help her investigate Edward's demise. Dismissing his warnings that the investigation will be difficult, if not impossible, Julia presses forward, following a trail of clues that lead her to even more unpleasant truths, and ever closer to a killer who waits expectantly for her arrival.", 
    "format": "Paperback, 448pp", 
    "image": "44464401.JPG", 
    "isbn": "0778328171", 
    "isbn13": "9780778328179", 
    "listprice": "$13.95", 
    "price": "$9.24", 
    "pub_date": "January 2010", 
    "publisher": "Mira", 
    "rating": "4.5", 
    "review": "Fans of British historical thrillers will welcome Raybourn's  perfectly executed debut. In 1886, Lady Julia Grey's husband,  Edward, dies suddenly of the heart disease that plagues his  family, including his reclusive cousin, Simon, who resides with  the couple in their large London townhouse. Just as she learns  to cope with the contradictions of monied widowhood, Julia is  visited by taciturn private detective Nicholas Brisbane, who  reveals that Edward had hired him to find the source of some  threatening letters. Analysis confirms Brisbane's suspicions of  murder, leading him and Julia on a testily collaborative search  for the culprit. Julia probes servants, Simon and a variety of  peers, discovering disturbing truths about a husband she never  truly knew and a world of deception, disease and sexual  obsession she could never have imagined. Deft historical  detailing, sparkling first-person narration and the fledgling  love between Julia and the often surprising Brisbane balance  otherwise dark themes. None of the book's components is new, but  Raybourn updates and deepens them so intelligently that they  feel freshly minted and free of clich . (Jan.)   Copyright 2006 Reed Business Information.", 
    "reviewer": "Publishers Weekly", 
    "title": "Silent in the Grave (Lady Julia Grey Series #1)", 
    "type": "Paperback"
}