{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "R. A. Salvatore", 
    "description": "Alone on the battlefield.Surrounded by death.Cornered by enemies.And ready to die.Drizzt Do&#8217;Urden has become the Hunter, the bane of the orc hordes still ravaging the North. Cut off, alone, convinced that everything he ever valued has been destroyed, all that&#8217;s left is to kill, and kill, and kill, until there are no enemies left. But there are a lot of enemies, and even the Hunter is just one lone drow.", 
    "format": "Mass Market Paperback, 384pp", 
    "image": "39961051.JPG", 
    "isbn": "0786932287", 
    "isbn13": "9780786932283", 
    "listprice": "$7.99", 
    "price": "$7.91", 
    "pub_date": "June 2004", 
    "publisher": "Wizards of the Coast", 
    "rating": "4.5", 
    "review": "The Barnes & Noble ReviewFantasy fans, rejoice! Drizzt Do'Urden, the legendary butt-kicking dark elf featured in dozens of R.&nbsp;A. Salvatore's Forgotten Realm's novels, is back and badder than ever inThe Lone Drow,the second book in Salvatore's Hunter's Blades trilogy.InA Thousand Orcs,the first book in the trilogy, an army of orcs and frost giants have joined forces and overrun an important dwarven stronghold. The monstrous fighting force is led by King Obould Many-Arrows, a hulking orc with something most orcs are lacking -- intelligence. During the terrible orc onslaught, one of Drizzt's close friends (and there aren't many of them!), the legendary dwarf King Breunor Battlehammer, is lost as a tower collapses. Drizzt can only watch as his friend falls to what must surely be his deathInThe Lone Drow,Obould Many-Arrows and his evil minions are systematically closing in on Mithral Hall. When the orc priests declare Obould to be the living personification of their god, religious fanaticism reaches a frenzy and the slaughter reaches new levels. With orcs and giants on all sides and trolls in the tunnels, the future looks bleak for Drizzt's companions and all the dwarves inside the great hall. But the dwarf king Breunor isn't quite dead, and Drizzt stalks the orcs in the wilderness like a black-skinned madman, wielding two razor-sharp scimitars. Will it be enough to stop the approaching army?It doesn't matter if you're a teenager or an octogenarian; Salvatore's Forgotten Realms novels are guaranteed to be addictively entertaining. Great characters, complex story lines, nonstop action, and breathtaking locations -- this is adventure fantasy at its very best.Paul Goat Allen", 
    "reviewer": "From Barnes &amp; Noble", 
    "title": "Forgotten Realms: The Lone Drow (Hunter's Blades #2), Vol. 2", 
    "type": "Paperback(Mass Market Paperback)"
}