{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Nick Mason,Philip Dodd,Philip Dodd(Editor)", 
    "description": "Here, for the first time, is the story of Pink Floyd from the inside out. With 116 million albums sold worldwide and 25 years on the pop charts to their credit, Pink Floyd is one of the most successful rock groups in history, yet their story until now is one of the least known. The only continuous member of the band through its entire 40-year history, Nick Mason has witnessed every twist, turn, and sommersault from behind his drum kit. The journey begins with the band's origins as the darlings of London's late 1960s underground and the creation of the classic Pink Floyd sound, all the way through to The Wall and those legendary stadium shows. Here are the players who shaped the band's history and the story behind the story the inside perspective on, for example, the deterioration and departure of Syd Barrett; the overwhelming success of The Dark Side of the Moon and the resulting pressures and conflicts within the band, including the rift with Roger Waters; and Nick and David Gilmour's decision to put their reputations on the line and continue as Pink Floyd. Packed with rare photographs and vintage Floyd graphics from Nick Mason's extensive private archive, Inside Out is an eye-opener for both veteran fans and those just discovering the group. And, in keeping with the classic Floyd style, the book's cover was designed by Storm Thorgerson, creator of such iconic images as the Dark Side pyramid. Always candid, by turns poignant and funny, Nick's own memories...", 
    "format": "Paperback, 360pp", 
    "image": "39973439.JPG", 
    "isbn": "0811848248", 
    "isbn13": "9780811848244", 
    "listprice": "$35.00", 
    "price": "$25.00", 
    "pub_date": "March 2005", 
    "publisher": "Chronicle Books LLC", 
    "rating": "5", 
    "review": "Mason is the coauthor of Into the Red, a celebration of race  cars, and has contributed to magazines like Classic Cars and  Autosport. He is probably best known, however, as the drummer of  the famed rock band Pink Floyd, the only original member with  the group throughout its 40-year existence. Here, he offers a  masterly chronicle of Pink Floyd's formation, recording and  concert career, and eventual breakup, revealing rare insights  into the band's interpersonal conflicts (including the departure  of Syd Barrett), songwriting and recording techniques, and  massive tours. Adorning the text are rare and often previously  unpublished photographs and illustrations from Mason's private  archive. This marks the first time a founding member of the band  has shared his story; it supplants Nicholas Schaffner's classic  Saucerful of Secrets (1991). Essential for Pink Floyd's still  rabid fanbase and an ideal addition to all public  libraries.-James E. Perone, Mount Union Coll., Alliance, OH   Copyright 2005 Reed Business Information.", 
    "reviewer": "Library Journal", 
    "title": "Inside Out: A Personal History of Pink Floyd", 
    "type": "Paperback"
}