{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Robert Jordan", 
    "description": "The Wheel of Time turns, and Robert Jordan gives us the eleventh volume of his extraordinary masterwork of fantasy.The dead are walking, men die impossible deaths, and it seems as though reality itself has become unstable&#58; All are signs of the imminence of Tarmon Gai&#8217;don, the Last Battle, when Rand al&#8217;Thor, the Dragon Reborn, must confront the Dark One as humanity&#8217;s only hope. But Rand dares not fight until he possesses all the surviving seals on the Dark One&#8217;s prison and has dealt with the Seanchan, who threaten to overrun all nations this side of the Aryth Ocean and increasingly seem too entrenched to be fought off. But his attempt to make a truce with the Seanchan is shadowed by treachery that may cost him everything. Whatever the price, though, he must have that truce. And he faces other dangers. There are those among the Forsaken who will go to any length to see him dead&#151;and the Black Ajah is at his side....Unbeknownst to Rand, Perrin has made his own truce with the Seanchan. It is a deal made with the Dark One, in his eyes, but he will do whatever is needed to rescue his wife, Faile, and destroy the Shaido who captured her. Among the Shaido, Faile works to free herself while hiding a secret that might give her her freedom or cause her destruction. And at a town called Malden, the Two Rivers longbow will be matched against Shaido spears.Fleeing Ebou Dar through Seanchan-controlled Altara with the kidnapped Daughter of the Nine...", 
    "format": "Mass Market Paperback, 1000pp", 
    "image": "13719229.JPG", 
    "isbn": "0812577566", 
    "isbn13": "9780812577563", 
    "listprice": "$7.99", 
    "price": "$7.99", 
    "pub_date": "November 2006", 
    "publisher": "Doherty, Tom Associates, LLC", 
    "rating": "4.5", 
    "review": "The Barnes & Noble ReviewWith only one novel left afterKnife of Dreamsuntil Robert Jordan's epic Wheel of Time saga concludes, Rand Al'Thor, the Dragon Reborn, has major obstacles to overcome before he will be ready to do battle against the Dark One in Tarmon Gai'don, the much-prophesized Last Battle that will  break the world.As the Seanchan Empire continues its bloody campaign to reclaim ancestral lands, Rand attempts a risky truce with the invaders -- with unforeseen consequences. A desperate Perrin Aybara is also dealing with the treacherous Seanchan, willing to do whatever it takes to finally rescue his wife from slavery. Mat Cauthon, meanwhile, has his hands full with the kidnapped Seanchan princess Tuon, whose ingenious plans have put Mat in a completely unexpected position. And as long-standing traditions and alliances crumble, the Forsaken prepare to compel the world into ShadowWhile few science fiction/fantasy works deserve to be read multiple times -- Tolkien's Lord of the Rings, Herbert's Dune sequence, et al. -- Jordan's Wheel of Time cycle is one of those extremely rare sagas that is so dense, so packed with substance, that it's almost essential to read the novels more than once. Colossal, massive, gargantuan: Everything about Wheel of Time is epic -- the dozens of interweaving plotlines, the hundreds of integral characters, the extensive histories of the realm, the vast settings, etc. But after 11 shelf-bending volumes -- as Tarmon Gai'don looms -- fans can find solace in the thought that after the final installment is released, they can go back to the beginning (The Eye of the World) and start this once-in-a-lifetime fantasy masterpiece all over again. After all:  There are neither beginnings nor endings in the Wheel of TimePaul Goat Allen", 
    "reviewer": "From Barnes &amp; Noble", 
    "subjects": [], 
    "title": "Knife of Dreams (Wheel of Time Series #11)", 
    "type": "Paperback(Mass Market Paperback)"
}