{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Ina Garten,Quentin Bacon(Photographer)", 
    "description": "Ina Garten--author of the bestsellers The Barefoot Contessa Cookbook, Barefoot Contessa Parties!, and Barefoot Contessa Family Style--has traveled widely to talk about her books, and her adoring fans always ask for the same thing: more sophisticated recipes that are simple enough to make every day. Ina has taken their cue and assembled a collection of easy recipes inspired by classic French favorites in BAREFOOT IN PARIS.Although she lives in New York, Ina admits that her heart belongs to Paris. After all, what's more enticing than sipping caf\u00e9 au lait and nibbling a warm brioche at a sidewalk table along the bustling Saint Germain? Or strolling through the city's open-air markets in search of the perfect fromage for an easy weeknight souffl\u00e9? For Ina, these simple pleasures of Paris life translate into one cardinal rule of cooking: fresh, quality ingredients are the essence of good food. This is not elaborate haute cuisine \u00e0 la Julia Child, but casual French fare that makes sense in American kitchens.As with her previous cookbooks, Ina's BAREFOOT IN PARIS features traditional dishes with a distinct brand of simple elegance. Her Raspberry Tart is made with a buttery shortbread crust that's just as delicious but far easier to prepare than a delicate pastry shell. She gives Mocha Mousse a kick of orange for more depth. The inspiration is undoubtedly French, but the downhome recipes like Zucchini Vichyssoise, Sweet Potato Gratin, and Vanilla Pound Cake are uniquely...", 
    "format": "Hardcover, 240pp", 
    "image": "13720384.JPG", 
    "isbn": "1400049350", 
    "isbn13": "9781400049356", 
    "listprice": "$35.00", 
    "price": "$20.58", 
    "pub_date": "October 2004", 
    "publisher": "Crown Publishing Group", 
    "rating": "4", 
    "review": "As viewers of herBarefoot Contessashow can attest, Ina Garten favors simple, sophisticated dishes, main courses that evoke the best of cozy bistro meals. InBarefoot in Paris,the Food Network star applies her cooking wisdom to the foods of France. Favoring fresh, quality ingredients, she offers flavorful twists on old favorites such as Steak au Poivre and Cr\u00e8me Brul&eacute;e and new slants on dishes such as Zucchini Vichyssoise and Chicken with Morels. A feast of a book,Barefoot in Pariscontains 140 full-color photographs and a primer for sources for specialty ingredients.", 
    "reviewer": "From Barnes &amp; Noble", 
    "subjects": [], 
    "title": "Barefoot in Paris: Easy French Food You Can Make at Home", 
    "type": "Hardcover"
}