{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Lisa Jackson,Nancy Bush", 
    "description": "If At First You Don't SucceedFor two years, Justice Turnbull has paced his room at Halo Valley Security Hospital, planning to escape. Justice has a mission-one that began with a vicious murder two decades ago. And there are so many others who must be sent back to the hell that spawned them . . .Kill . . .Laura Adderley didn't plan to get pregnant by her soon-to-be ex-husband, though she'll do anything to protect her baby. But now reporter Harrison Frost is asking questions about the mysterious group of women who live at Siren Song lodge. Harrison hasn't figured out Laura's connection to the story yet. But Justice knows. And he is coming . . .Then Kill Again . . .All her life, Laura has been able to sense approaching evil. But that won't stop a psychopath bent on destroying her. Justice has been unleashed, and this time, there will be no place safe to hide . . .Praise for Wicked Game'Chilling . . .  Swift pacing and an intriguing plot make this a first-rate supernatural thriller.' --Publishers Weekly(starred review)", 
    "format": "NOOK Book (eBook), 560pp", 
    "image": "100932279.JPG", 
    "isbn": "1420124315", 
    "isbn13": "9781420124316", 
    "listprice": "$6.79", 
    "price": "$5.43", 
    "pub_date": "May 2011", 
    "publisher": "Kensington Publishing Corporation", 
    "rating": "4", 
    "review": "Sisters Jackson and Bush craftily combine suspense with the paranormal in this rich sequel to 2009's bestselling Wicked Game. Laura Adderley, a nurse at a coastal Oregon hospital and a member of the psychic sisterhood of the Colony, is uneasily pregnant with her philandering ex-husband's child. Serial killer Justice Turnbull is hunting members of the Colony, so when he escapes from a nearby psychiatric hospital, Laura fears for her own life and her unborn child's. She begs the help of Harrison Frost, a reporter writing a story on Justice's escape and his connection to the Colony, and soon Harrison's undeniable attraction to her and desire to protect her outweigh his longing to follow the story. The affable protagonists maintain their individual identities as their romance sizzles to life, and several subplots add depth to this somewhat lengthy but deftly plotted and enticing read. (June)", 
    "reviewer": "Publishers Weekly", 
    "title": "Wicked Lies", 
    "type": "NOOK Book(eBook)"
}