{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Richard North Patterson", 
    "description": "David Wolfe is a successful American lawyer being primed for a run for Congress. But when the phone rings and he hears the voice of Hana Arif&#151;the Palestinian woman with whom he had a secret affair in law school&#151;he begins a completely unexpected journey.The next day, the prime minister of Israel is assassinated by a suicide bomber while visiting San Francisco. Soon, Hana is accused of being the mastermind behind the murder. Now David faces an agonizing choice&#58; Will he, a Jew, represent her?The most challenging case of David's career requires that he delve deep into the lives of Hana and her militant Palestinian husband, all the way back to Israel and the West Bank. There he uncovers the couple's dangerous connections&hellip;culminating in an explosive trial where the stakes are Hana's life&#151;and the future of two peoples.", 
    "format": "Hardcover, 576pp", 
    "image": "13711117.JPG", 
    "isbn": "1437612539", 
    "isbn13": "9781437612530", 
    "listprice": "$26.00", 
    "price": "$5.98", 
    "pub_date": "January 2007", 
    "publisher": "Holt, Henry & Company, Inc.", 
    "rating": "4", 
    "review": "Bestseller Patterson's new thriller with its focus on the  Israeli-Palestinian conflict has been overtaken by events  (there's no mention of Israel's unilateral withdrawal from the  Gaza Strip in 2005 or the recent fighting across the Lebanese  border), but the underlying political issues may be enough for  most readers to put the real world aside and suspend disbelief.  Harvard-trained attorney David Wolfe, a San Franciscan on the  verge of a congressional campaign, has his plans derailed when  his law school classmate (and one-time lover), Palestinian Hana  Arif, asks him to defend her from charges that she led a  conspiracy that assassinated dovish Israeli leader Amos  Ben-Aron. Inspired by idealism and lingering passion, Wolfe  jeopardizes his political future by taking the case. His  suspicion that the suicide bombers who attacked Ben-Aron were  aided by a security breach leads him to Israel and Lebanon.  While Patterson (Conviction) attempts to portray the issues  fairly, the introduction of a soap-operaish subplot undercuts  his intended high purpose, and the resolution of the mystery is  too predictable to surprise. 10-city author tour. (Jan.)   Copyright 2006 Reed Business Information.", 
    "reviewer": "Publishers Weekly", 
    "title": "Exile", 
    "type": "Hardcover"
}