{
    "age_range": "Young Adult", 
    "author": "Lauren DeStefano", 
    "description": "By age sixteen, Rhine Ellery has four years left to live. She can thank modern science for this genetic time bomb. A botched effort to create a perfect race has left all males with a lifespan of 25 years, and females with a lifespan of 20 years. Geneticists are seeking a miracle antidote to restore the human race, desperate orphans crowd the population, crime and poverty have skyrocketed, and young girls are being kidnapped and sold as polygamous brides to bear more children.When Rhine is kidnapped and sold as a bride, she vows to do all she can to escape. Her husband, Linden, is hopelessly in love with her, and Rhine can&rsquo;t bring herself to hate him as much as she&rsquo;d like to. He opens her to a magical world of wealth and illusion she never thought existed, and it almost makes it possible to ignore the clock ticking away her short life. But Rhine quickly learns that not everything in her new husband&rsquo;s strange world is what it seems. Her father-in-law, an eccentric doctor bent on finding the antidote, is hoarding corpses in the basement. Her fellow sister wives are to be trusted one day and feared the next, and Rhine is desperate to communicate to her twin brother that she is safe and alive. Will Rhine be able to escape--before her time runs out?", 
    "format": "Hardcover, 358pp", 
    "image": "99625358.JPG", 
    "isbn": "1442409053", 
    "isbn13": "9781442409057", 
    "listprice": "$17.99", 
    "price": "$10.40", 
    "pub_date": "March 2011", 
    "publisher": "Simon & Schuster Children's Publishing", 
    "rating": "4.5", 
    "review": "Obviously, something went terribly wrong. Genetic mutations have festered, reducing human longevity to twenty-five, even less for most women. To prevent extinction, young girls are kidnapped, mated in polygamous marriages with men eager to procreate. Sixteen-year-old Rhine Ellery, a recent victim of this breeding farm mentality, has vowed to break loose from its fetters; but finding allies and a safe way out is a challenge she can only hope she will survive. A dystopian fantasy series starter with wings. Editor's recommendation.", 
    "reviewer": "From Barnes &amp; Noble", 
    "subjects": [], 
    "title": "Wither", 
    "type": "Hardcover"
}