{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Shania Twain", 
    "description": "The world may know Shania Twain as many things&#58; a music legend, a mother, and recently, a fixture in the news for her painful, public divorce and subsequent marriage to a cherished friend. But in this extraordinary autobiography, Shania reveals that she is so much more. She is Eilleen Twain, one of five children born into poverty in rural Canada, where her family often didn&rsquo;t have enough food to send her to school with lunch. She&rsquo;s the teenage girl who helped her mother and young siblings escape to a battered woman&rsquo;s shelter to put an end to the domestic violence in her family home. And she&rsquo;s the courageous twenty-two-year-old who sacrificed to keep her younger siblings together after her parents were tragically killed in a car accident.Shania Twain&rsquo;s life has evolved from a series of pivotal moments, and in unflinching, heartbreaking prose, Shania spares no details as she takes us through the events that have made her who she is. She recounts her difficult childhood, her parents&rsquo; sudden death and its painful aftermath, her dramatic rise to stardom, her devastating betrayal by a trusted friend, and her joyful marriage to the love of her life. From these moments, she offers profound, moving insights into families, personal tragedies, making sense of one&rsquo;s life, and the process of healing. Shania Twain is a singular, remarkable woman who has faced enormous odds and downfalls, and her extraordinary story will provide wisdom, inspiration,...", 
    "format": "Hardcover, 448pp", 
    "image": "109258371.JPG", 
    "isbn": "1451620748", 
    "isbn13": "9781451620740", 
    "listprice": "$26.99", 
    "price": "$18.15", 
    "pub_date": "May 2011", 
    "publisher": "Simon & Schuster Adult Publishing Group", 
    "rating": "3.5", 
    "review": "When she was eight, Shania Twain was singing in smoky Canadian bars, doing her part to help with her family's severely strained finances. By the time she was ten, the girl born as Eileen Regina Edwards was writing songs and performing in after-hour shifts while most other children her age were dreaming of sugar plum fairies. From these gritty beginnings, the renamed Twain became a living music legend, winning five Grammy Awards and selling 75 million albums. At times heartbreaking, this memoir describes Shania's rocky road from her hardscrabble youth to her present fame. From This Moment On covers events including the tragic car crash, the traumatic breakup of her first marriage, and her first experiences in Nashville.", 
    "reviewer": "From Barnes &amp; Noble", 
    "title": "From This Moment On", 
    "type": "Hardcover"
}