{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "John Donohue(Editor)", 
    "description": "Look who&rsquo;s making dinner! Twenty-one of our favorite writers and chefs expound upon the joys&mdash;and perils&mdash;of feeding their families.Mario Batali&rsquo;s kids gobble up monkfish liver and foie gras for breakfast. Peter Kaminsky&rsquo;s daughters won&rsquo;t eat anything at all. Mark Bittman reveals the four stages of learning to cook. Stephen King offers tips about what to cook when you don&rsquo;t feel like cooking. Mark Kurlansky would love a woman to feed him, just once. Jesse Sheidlower searches for the words to describe his vegetarianism to his kids. And Jim Harrison shows how good food and wine trump expensive cars and houses.More men cook now than ever before, and this is the first book to celebrate those good eggs who toil behind the stove, trying to nourish and please. Their culinary adventures are accompanied by over sixty family-tested recipes, time-saving tips, and cookbook recommendations as well as an array ofNew Yorkercartoons. Interviews with homestyle heroes cooking all across America&mdash;a fireman from Brooklyn, a football coach in Atlanta, a lawyer in Philadelphia, a bond trader in Los Angeles&mdash;add to the mix.What emerges is a book not just about food but about our changing families. It offers a newfound community for any man who proudly dons an apron and inspiration for those who have yet to pick up the spatula.", 
    "format": "Paperback, 326pp", 
    "image": "103710519.JPG", 
    "isbn": "1565129857", 
    "isbn13": "9781565129856", 
    "listprice": "$15.95", 
    "price": "$9.64", 
    "pub_date": "May 2011", 
    "publisher": "Algonquin Books of Chapel Hill", 
    "rating": "5.5", 
    "review": "Cartoonist and New Yorker editor Donohue celebrates dads who cook with a delightful compendium of essays, recipes, cartoons, and interviews. Noting that American fathers 'now account for nearly a third of the time a family spends cooking,' Donohue&mdash;himself a cooking dad&mdash;checks how this trend is working out by soliciting a variety of personal perspectives. Among them are such professional voices as Mario Batali and cookbook author Mark Bittman. Not surprisingly, many of the contributors are writers, such as Stephen King, Jim Harrison, Mohammed Naseehu Ali, and Wesley Stace. Under the heading, 'In the Trenches,' Donohue explores the routines of other average guys&#58; a Brooklyn fireman, a software engineer, and a father of two in New Orleans. And while few are clueless in the kitchen, it is their wit, devotion, and candor that inspire. For example, in 'Who the Man?' Jesse Green writes about being the noncook in a two-dad household suddenly faced with kitchen duty; and Matt Greenberg creates a screenplay explaining how to grill. Less a production but equally intriguing is what men cook&#58; gumbo, fish tacos, roast chicken. (May)", 
    "reviewer": "Publishers Weekly", 
    "title": "Man with a Pan: Culinary Adventures of Fathers Who Cook for Their Families", 
    "type": "Paperback"
}