{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "David Thorne", 
    "description": "'There is usually a fine line between genius and insanity, but in this case it has become very blurred. Some of the funniest and most clever writing I have read in years.' (Terrance Fielding,WIREDmagazine)'I laughed so hard and uncontrollably I could hardly breathe. Reading this on public transport is not a good idea.' (Penthouse magazine)'Brilliantly funny.' (Jezebel.com)From the notorious Internet troublemaker who brought the world the explosively popular 'Next Time I'll Spend the Money on Drugs Instead', in which he attempted to pay his chiropractor with a picture he drew of a spider; 'Please Design a Logo for Me. With Pie Charts. For Free,' which has been described as one of the most passed-on viral e-mails of all time; and, most recently, the staggeringly popular 'Missing Missy', which has appeared everywhere fromThe GuardiantoJezebelto Andrew Sullivan'sThe Daily Dish, comes this profoundly funny collection of irreverent Internet mischief and comedy.Featuring all of Thorne's viral success, including 'Missing Missy',The Internet Is a Playgroundculls together every article and e- mail from Thorne's wildly popular website 27bslash6.com, as well as enough new material, available only in these pages, to keep you laughing-and, indeed, crying-until Thorne's next stroke-of-genius prank. Or hilarious hoax. Or well-publicized almost-stint in jail (really).", 
    "format": "Paperback, 368pp", 
    "image": "96013726.JPG", 
    "isbn": "1585428817", 
    "isbn13": "9781585428816", 
    "listprice": "$14.95", 
    "price": "$9.11", 
    "pub_date": "April 2011", 
    "publisher": "Penguin Group (USA) Incorporated", 
    "rating": "5", 
    "review": "Starred Review.Hailed as a humorist for the digital age, Australian graphic designer Thorne (www.27bslash6.com) became an internet sensation after posting e-mail correspondences in which he attempted to pay his chiropractic bill with a crude drawing of a spider. Thorne's first book is a laugh-out-loud collection of his e-mail exchanges and satirical essays. As a rule, Thorne says he never initiates an e-mail; he just responds 'stupidly' to what he receives. The book includes the biting 'Please Design a Logo For Me. With Pie Charts. For Free,' considered one of the most-forwarded e-mails of all time, as well as 'Missing Missy,' in which Thorne designs a poster to help a friend find her missing cat; he has great fun-at his friend's expense. The book reads as if The Onion published Letters From a Nut, but some of Thorn's antics-such as inviting himself to a neighbor's housewarming party-will make readers squirm. Others may offend ('Sponsor a Poor Black Boy'), or shock ('Belly Messages,' in which Thorne pretends to be a horny woman on the Internet). Thorne's electronic voice is pointed, effective, and childishly exuberant, a bracing mix. His sense of humor could be called immature, but some people just want to have fun; Thorne does so at everyone else's expense. Illus.(c) Copyright PWxyz, LLC.  All rights reserved.", 
    "reviewer": "Publishers Weekly", 
    "subjects": [], 
    "title": "The Internet Is a Playground: Irreverent Correspondences of an Evil Online Genius", 
    "type": "Paperback"
}