{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Patrick Robinson", 
    "description": "The Delta Solutionis an action-packed novel dealing with the Somali pirates operating off the southerly reaches of the lawless East African republic on the Indian Ocean.For the past three years, these heavily armed tribal brigands have been capturing and holding for ransom massive cargo ships, especially oil tankers, and violently demanding millions of dollars for their return. Pirating out of the tiny Somalian village of Haradheere has become a very lucrative, dangerous business, so much so that the village has its own Stock Exchange with a reputed $78 million cash, all in crisp $100 bills, in the town vault. And each time an owner pays big for the return of their ship, the pirates immediately do it again, enraging the Pentagon more and more by the day.That is, until the 'Somali Marines' make a big mistake, seizing at gun point two United States ships and demanding a $15 million ransom for their return.Hero Mack Bedford, previously encountered in Diamondhead and Intercept, is deployed to SEAL Team 10 to form The Delta Platoon. His objective&#58; obliterate the Somali Marines in the middle of the Indian Ocean, at all costs, once and for all.", 
    "format": "Hardcover, 336pp", 
    "image": "97675848.JPG", 
    "isbn": "1593156472", 
    "isbn13": "9781593156473", 
    "listprice": "$25.99", 
    "price": "$14.93", 
    "pub_date": "May 2011", 
    "publisher": "Vanguard Press", 
    "rating": "4.5", 
    "review": "Cdr. Mackenzie 'Mack' Bedford takes on Somali pirates in Robinson's rousing if less than suspenseful third action thriller to feature the courageous U.S. Navy SEAL (after Diamondhead). Mohammed Salat, 'the Godfather of the Dark Continent,' is the brains and the money behind the so-called Somali Marines, well-equipped, well-trained brigands who seize tankers and cargo ships off the African coast that they hold for massive ransoms. When the pirates grab a freighter chartered by a U.S. aid agency, Mack takes charge of the Delta Platoon, a new unit of handpicked SEALs. The plot slows as Robinson dwells on the SEALs' extraordinary training and the smooth, sophisticated operations of the Somali Marines. When the order is finally given to go, the Delta Platoon is ready for both daring rescue operations at sea and the brutal task of attacking the pirates' fortified headquarters in the Somali town of Haradheere. Readers will cheer as Mack and his team solve the vexing problem of Somali pirates. (May)", 
    "reviewer": "Publishers Weekly", 
    "title": "The Delta Solution", 
    "type": "Hardcover"
}