{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Jane McGonigal", 
    "description": "Visionary game designer Jane McGonigal reveals how we can harness the power of games to solve real-world problems and boost global happiness.  More than 174 million Americans are gamers, and the average young person in the United States will spend ten thousand hours gaming by the age of twenty-one. According to world-renowned game designer Jane McGonigal, the reason for this mass exodus to virtual worlds is that videogames are increasingly fulfilling genuine human needs. In this groundbreaking exploration of the power and future of gaming, McGonigal reveals how we can use the lessons of game design to fix what is wrong with the real world. Drawing on positive psychology, cognitive science, and sociology, Reality Is Broken uncovers how game designers have hit on core truths about what makes us happy and utilized these discoveriesto astonishing effect in virtual environments. Videogames consistently provide the exhilarating rewards, stimulating challenges, and epic victories that are so often lacking in the real world. But why, McGonigal asks, should we use the power of games for escapist entertainment alone? Her research suggests that gamers are expert problem solvers and collaborators because they regularly cooperate with other players to overcome daunting virtual challenges, and she helped pioneer a fast-growing genre of games that aims to turn gameplay to socially positive ends. In Reality Is Broken, she reveals how these new alternate reality...", 
    "format": "Hardcover, 400pp", 
    "image": "80242560.JPG", 
    "isbn": "1594202850", 
    "isbn13": "9781594202858", 
    "listprice": "$26.95", 
    "price": "$15.48", 
    "pub_date": "January 2011", 
    "publisher": "Penguin Group (USA) Incorporated", 
    "rating": "4", 
    "review": "As addictive as Tetris, McGonigal's penetrating, entertaining look into gaming culture is a vibrant mix of technology, psychology, and sociology, told with the vision of a futurist and the deft touch of a storyteller. For the nearly 183 million Americans who will spend an average of 13 hours a week playing games, McGonigal's book is a welcome validation of their pursuits. But for those who don't understand, or who may worry that our growing preoccupation with games is detrimental to society and culture, McGonigal argues persuasively that games are in fact improving us. 'Game design isn't just technological craft,' she argues, 'it's a 21st Century way of thinking and leading.' And games, she argues, particularly the new wave of Alternative Reality Games, are not about escapism but a powerful new form of collaboration and community building. The book moves effortlessly from Herodotus to Halo, stitching together an intellectually stimulating view of human culture past, present, and future. And while not downplaying the potential for negative consequences, such as 'gamer addiction,' McGonigal makes an inspiring case for the way games can both enhance our personal happiness and help society. (Jan.)", 
    "reviewer": "Publishers Weekly", 
    "subjects": [], 
    "title": "Reality Is Broken: Why Games Make Us Better and How They Can Change the World", 
    "type": "Hardcover"
}