{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Louisa Thomas", 
    "description": "Norman Thomas and his brothers' upbringing prepared them for a life of service-but their calls to conscience threatened to tear them apart  Conscience is Louisa Thomas's beautifully written account of the remarkable Thomas brothers at the turn of the twentieth century. At a time of trial, each brother struggled to understand his obligation to his country, family, and faith. Centered around the story of the eldest, Norman Thomas (later the six-time Socialist candidate for president), the book explores the difficult decisions the four brothers faced with the advent of World War I. Sons of a Presbyterian minister and grandsons of missionaries, they shared a rigorous moral upbringing, a Princeton education, and a faith in the era's spirit of hope. Two became soldiers. Ralph enlisted right away, heeding President Woodrow Wilson's call to fight for freedom. A captain in the Army Corps of Engineers, he was ultimately wounded in France. Arthur, the youngest, was less certain about the righteousness of the cause but sensitive to his obligation as a citizen-and like so many men eager to have a chance to prove himself. The other two were pacifists. Evan became a conscientious objector, protesting conscription; when the truce was signed on November 11, 1918, he was in solitary confinement. Norman left his ministry in the tenements of East Harlem, New York, and began down the course he would follow for the rest of his life, fighting for civil liberties, social justice,...", 
    "format": "Hardcover, 336pp", 
    "image": "90029884.JPG", 
    "isbn": "159420294X", 
    "isbn13": "9781594202940", 
    "listprice": "$25.95", 
    "price": "$14.27", 
    "pub_date": "June 2011", 
    "publisher": "Penguin Group (USA)", 
    "rating": "0", 
    "review": "It is not surprising that the World War I experiences of Norman Thomas (1884-1968) form a major part of Louisa Thomas' new book&#58; This long-lived peace advocate was, after all, the author's great grandfather and a six-time Socialist presidential candidate. Conscience does pay due attention to her forebear, but it also traces the parallel stories of his three brothers. Two of them answered President Woodrow Wilson's call to war by becoming soldiers; Norman and his brother Evan both became conscientious objectors. This thoughtful group biography reveals how four members of one remarkable family coped with the moral complexities of responsibilities and beliefs. An extraordinary microhistory of a conscientious period in American history.", 
    "reviewer": "From Barnes &amp; Noble", 
    "title": "Conscience: Two Soldiers, Two Pacifists, One Family--a Test of Will and Faith in World War I", 
    "type": "Hardcover"
}