{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Kathy Freston", 
    "description": "Kathy Freston wasn't born a vegan. The bestselling author and renowned wellness expert actually grew up on chicken-fried steak and cheesy grits, and loved nothing more than BBQ ribs and vanilla milkshakes. Not until her thirties did she embrace the lifestyle of a veganist--someone who eats a plant-based diet not just for their own personal well-being, but for the whole web of benefits it brings to our ecosystem and beyond. Kathy's shift toward this new life was gradual--she leaned into it--but the impact was profound. Now Kathy shows us how to lean into the veganist life. Effortless weight loss, reversal of disease, environmental responsibility, spiritual awakening--these are just a few of the ten profound changes that can be achieved through a gentle switch in food choices.Filled with compelling facts, stories of people who have improved their weight and health conditions as a result of making the switch, and Q&As; with the leading medical researchers, Veganist concludes with a step-by-step practical guide to becoming a veganist&#133;easily and gradually. It is an accessible, optimistic, and illuminating book that will change the way you eat forever. No less delicious, still hearty and satisfying--just better for you and for all.", 
    "format": "Hardcover, 306pp", 
    "image": "97167617.JPG", 
    "isbn": "1602861331", 
    "isbn13": "9781602861336", 
    "listprice": "$25.00", 
    "price": "$14.88", 
    "pub_date": "February 2011", 
    "publisher": "Weinstein Books", 
    "rating": "4", 
    "review": "In this cheery manifesto, healthy-living guru Freston (Quantum Wellness) promises readers who gives up meat, dairy, and eggs that they will effortlessly lose weight, avoid cancer, heart disease, diabetes, and Alzheimer's, save money, help the poor, reduce their carbon footprint and animal suffering, and evolve spiritually. Freston, coining the word 'veganist,' puts a soft edge on the vegan lifestyle: 'It's not about hard lines or purity or perfection but about intention and holding ideas loosely and taking steps in the direction of the kind of person you want to be.' She supports her claims with interviews from medical authorities like Dean Ornish and Neal Barnard, numerous stories from people who converted and changed their lives, and a few tales from animal rights activists who went undercover in the factory farm. The book provides 'tips for making the switch,' FAQs answered by Dr. Barnard, and sample menus, but no recipes, so readers used to meat and potatoes may be stymied by how to prepare 'flax seed and whole-grain pizza with classic margherita topping.' Even so, for the novice, this book offers a gentle, guilt-free path to a meatless (or even, as Feston says, 'vegan-ish') life.(c) Copyright PWxyz, LLC.  All rights reserved.", 
    "reviewer": "Publishers Weekly", 
    "subjects": [], 
    "title": "Veganist", 
    "type": "Hardcover"
}