{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Patricia Cornwell", 
    "description": "When Patricia Cornwell introduced the quicksilver, cut-to-the-bone style and extraordinary cast of characters of At Risk, the result was electrifying: 'At Risk is Cornwell's finest novel. It works in every way possible -- fascinating characters, solid plot, great pacing and expertlycrafted prose' (St. Louis Post-Dispatch); 'Absolutely the best. Here's hoping we'll see more of Win, Monique, Nana and Sykes in the coming years. They are the best characters to emerge from Cornwell's creative pen since . . . well, Kay Scarpetta' (The Denver Post).At Risk featured Massachusetts state investigator Win Garano, a shrewd man of mixed-race background and a not inconsiderable chip on his shoulder; District Attorney Monique Lamont, a hard-charging woman with powerful ambitions and a troubling willingness to cut corners; and Garano's grandmother, who has certain unpredictable talents that you ignore at your peril.And in The Front, peril is what comes to them all. D.A. Lamont has a special job for Garano. As part of a new public relations campaign about the dangers of declining neighborhoods, she's sending him to Watertown to 'come up with a drama,' and she thinks she knows just the case that will serve. Garano is very skeptical, because he knows that Watertown is also the home base for a loose association of municipal police departments called the FRONT, set up in order that they don'thave to be so dependent on the state -- much to Lamont's...", 
    "format": "Hardcover, 192pp", 
    "image": "26095547.JPG", 
    "isbn": "1616821760", 
    "isbn13": "9781616821760", 
    "listprice": "$22.95", 
    "price": "$3.99", 
    "pub_date": "May 2008", 
    "publisher": "Penguin Group (USA) Incorporated", 
    "rating": "3.5", 
    "review": "In Cornwell's latest mystery thriller, the celebrated author's At Risk team pairs up once again to tackle a loose association of police departments known as the Front. With a powerful stage presence and a voice that captivates for hours, Kate Reading delivers a home-run performance that captures the essence and authority of Cornwell's prose. Reading, whose name tells us exactly what she's best at, leaps into character in this understated yet creatively nuanced reading that is both honest and entertaining. She understands just how to bring Cornwell's words to life and does so with great passion.A Putnam hardcover (reviewed online). (July)Copyright &copy; Reed Business Information, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.", 
    "reviewer": "Publishers Weekly", 
    "title": "The Front (Win Garano Series #2)", 
    "type": "Hardcover"
}