{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "Gregory Maguire", 
    "description": "'Maguire is full of storytelling brio...his OZ is meticulously drawn.'New York TimesonWicked'In the much anticipated third volume of the Wicked Years, we return to Oz, seen now through the eyes of the Cowardly Lion.While civil war looms in Oz, a tetchy oracle named Yackle prepares for death.  Before her final hour, a figure known as Brrr the Cowardly Lion arrives searching for information about Elphaba Thropp, the Wicked Witch of the West.  Abandoned as a cub, his path from infancy is no Yellow Brick Road.  In the wake of laws that oppress talking Animals, he avoids a jail sentence by agreeing to serve as a lackey to the warmongering Emperor of Oz.A Lion Among Menchronicles a battle of wits hastened by the Emerald City's approaching armies.  Can those tarnished by infamy escape their sobriquets to claim their own histories, to live honorably within their own skins before they're skinned alive?Gregory Maguire's new novel is written with the sympahty and power that have made his books contemporary classics.", 
    "format": "Hardcover, 336pp", 
    "image": "29248473.JPG", 
    "isbn": "1616795484", 
    "isbn13": "9781616795481", 
    "listprice": "$26.95", 
    "price": "$5.98", 
    "pub_date": "October 2008", 
    "publisher": "HarperCollins Publishers", 
    "rating": "4", 
    "review": "The entertaining third installment of bestseller Maguire's Wicked Years series, a revisionist chronicle of L. Frank Baum's classicThe Wonderful Wizard of Oz, examines the tragically misunderstood life of the Cowardly Lion before and after his adventures with Dorothy and company. As all-out war looms between the Munchkinland guerrillas and the emperor of Oz's Emerald City soldiers, Brrr the lion, now working as an imperial spy, must somehow glean invaluable information from a crone named Yackle before she dies. But during his interrogation of the irritable oracle, Brrr, the proverbial loner and outsider, uncovers insights into his own mysterious past-and finally begins to understand what it feels like to belong. As usual, the author mixes some relatively weighty existential themes-the search for self, faith, redemption-into his whimsical story line. Newcomers to Maguire's Oz should probably begin withWicked, the first entry in this darkly enchanting saga.11-city author tour. (Oct. 14)Copyright &copy; Reed Business Information, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.", 
    "reviewer": "Publishers Weekly", 
    "title": "A Lion Among Men (Wicked Years Series #3)", 
    "type": "Hardcover"
}