{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "David Hackett Fischer", 
    "description": "In this sweeping, enthralling biography, acclaimed historian David Hackett Fischer brings to life the remarkable Samuel de Champlain -- soldier, spy, master mariner, explorer, cartographer, artist, and Father of New France.Born on France's Atlantic coast, Champlain grew to manhood in a country riven by religious warfare. The historical record is unclear on whether Champlain was baptized Protestant or Catholic, but he fought in France's religious wars for the man who would become Henri IV, one of France's greatest kings, and like Henri, he was religiously tolerant in an age of murderous sectarianism. Champlain was also a brilliant navigator. He went to sea as a boy and over time acquired the skills that allowed him to make twenty-seven Atlantic crossings without losing a ship.But we remember Champlain mainly as a great explorer. On foot and by ship and canoe, he traveled through what are now six Canadian provinces and five American states. Over more than thirty years he founded, colonized, and administered French settlements in North America. Sailing frequently between France and Canada, he maneuvered through court intrigue in Paris and negotiated among more than a dozen Indian nations in North America to establish New France. Champlain had early support from Henri IV and later Louis XIII, but the Queen Regent Marie de Medici and Cardinal Richelieu opposed his efforts. Despite much resistance and many defeats, Champlain, by his astonishing dedication and stamina,...", 
    "format": "Hardcover, 848pp", 
    "image": "33636362.JPG", 
    "isbn": "1616823321", 
    "isbn13": "9781616823320", 
    "listprice": "$40.00", 
    "price": "$7.18", 
    "pub_date": "October 2008", 
    "publisher": "Simon & Schuster Adult Publishing Group", 
    "rating": "4", 
    "review": "Is there a finer student of American history writing today than David Hackett Fischer? If so, I don't know who it would be&#8230;Fischer is not a prose stylist to rival the great popular historians&#151;the Barbara Tuchmans, Shelby Footes and David McCulloughs. Arguably he is not a popular historian at all but simply an academic who has reached a wide audience. Yet even when he writes books of doorstop heft, as he invariably does, his plain, unadorned style is never dry or boring, in part because he so often sprinkles intriguing ideas into the narrative.", 
    "reviewer": "The New York Times - Max Boot", 
    "title": "Champlain's Dream", 
    "type": "Hardcover"
}