{
    "age_range": null, 
    "author": "John Silverwood,Jean Silverwood", 
    "description": "&#8220;I told God that if he would let us survive this night, I would make it mean something worthwhile. And then, somehow, I felt calmer than I have ever felt. Unreasonably so. Irrationally so. I looked over the scene of our wrecked life and I smiled&#8211;a crazy smile for sure&#8211;and I looked through the dark at the mad beauty of it.&#8221;&#8211;Jean SilverwoodAn exhilarating true-life adventure of one family&#8217;s extraordinary sea voyage of self-discovery and survival, tragedy and triumphSuccessful businessman John Silverwood and his wife, Jean, both experienced sailors, decided the time was right to give their four children a taste of thrilling life on the high seas. And indeed their journey aboard the fifty-five-foot catamaran Emerald Jane would have many extraordinary and profound moments, whether it was the peaceful late-night watches John enjoyed under the stunning celestial sky or the elation shared by the whole family at the sight of blissful pods of dolphin and migrating tortoises. John and Jean had hoped to use the trip as a teaching opportunity, with the Emerald Jane as a floating classroom in which to instruct their children in important lessons&#8211;not only about the natural world but about the beauty of human life when stripped down to its essence, far from the trappings of civilization.Yet rather than flourishing amid the new freedoms and responsibilities thrust upon them, the children were sometimes confused, frightened,...", 
    "format": "Hardcover, 224pp", 
    "image": "26761707.JPG", 
    "isbn": "1616847441", 
    "isbn13": "9781616847449", 
    "listprice": "$25.00", 
    "price": "$5.38", 
    "pub_date": "July 2008", 
    "publisher": "Random House Publishing Group", 
    "rating": "4", 
    "review": "The jaw-dropping true tale of the Silverwood family and their awe-inspiring survival when faced with the most harrowing of events on the high seas is a truly remarkable account. Carrington Macduffie and Joe Barrett bring this story to life, capturing the tense journey down to the slightest detail in these realistic readings. While Macduffie certainly offers more in the line of theatrics, both performances are earnest and raw, allowing the listeners to ebb and flow with the story as if they were tucked away on the Silverwood's 50-foot catamaran. The journey is the destination in this tersely written tale, and with skilled, experienced narrators guiding the way, this trip proves seaworthy.A Random House hardcover (Reviews, Apr. 14).(June)", 
    "reviewer": "Publishers Weekly", 
    "title": "Black Wave: A Family's Adventure at Sea and the Disaster That Saved Them", 
    "type": "Hardcover"
}